Shannon entered the entrance hall to the mansion with a tottering gait.
Her chest was filled almost to bursting point with a mixture of exaltation and uncertainty that she couldn\'t easily describe.
After stopping for a second in front of the servant room to take a deep breath and calm her heart, she opened the door.
Inside, Gohda, who had been ordered to take the midnight shift at the mansion tonight, was absorbed in an old worn-out crossword puzzle magazine.
He looked up for an instant to see whether one of the family had come, but when he realized that it was a fellow servant, he returned to his puzzle as if nothing had happened.
"......Umm,
 ...I was told by Genji-sama to help you."
"Ah, really... That will be useful.
 I was just about to go make the rounds to close up the mansion, but I was in two minds whether I should leave this place empty.
 After all, the meeting Krauss-sama and the others are conducting appears as though it will continue for quite some time.
 They might order some tea at any time."
"That\'s true...
 Then, what shall we do...? Should I remain here while - "
"In that case, Shannon-san, sorry, but would you please make the rounds around the mansion?
 I will stay here, awaiting the family\'s orders."
"Ye-......yes..."
...Shannon felt a twinge of annoyance.
Despite the fact that she had come here to help out as a favor, she was being forced to do the job of the person actually on duty as though it were natural.
Furthermore, after one-sidedly forcing that task on her, Gohda had once again gone back to his magazine and had become immersed in his crossword puzzle.
For the time being, as a sign of respect for her elder, Shannon bowed her head, and she left the room to make the rounds.
Getting a little angry had enabled her to bring the airy sensation she had been feeling until now under control a bit.
Besides, she couldn\'t show this kind of face to Genji and Kanon.
Until her heart was able to calm down, she wanted a little time to herself, and maybe going around the mansion wasn\'t such a bad way to do that...
From the dining hall, she began to hear the tumultuous voices of the family\'s discussion.
Someone would speak at great length, and would then be opposed by someone else.
 That rebuttal would continue in a very long, drawn-out fashion, until opposed by yet another person.
That kept on repeating.
It was as though their displeasure was seeping out through their voices.
She had been told to go to the guesthouse, so it would be bad if she was discovered by Krauss.
Thinking that, Shannon quick-footedly slipped by the entrance to the dining hall.
Then, inside the mansion controlled by darkness, she began to check that the house was all closed up, following a prearranged route.
She walked down the hall, checking that each window was closed.
On Rokkenjima, there were no humans other than the family, so in actuality, closing up wasn\'t that terribly meaningful of a task.
Until Natsuhi had scolded them that this attitude was careless, closing up had not been customary in the Ushiromiya family.
The metal fixtures on the completely chilled windows were freezing, and every time she went to check on them, one-by-one, it felt like the glow in her heart seemed to cool down.
".....................?"
Just then, she thought she saw something flickering across the hall.
......Flickering?
Something like that shouldn\'t be visible beyond the darkness of the hall...
Although she thought it was probably her eyes playing tricks on her, she killed her breathing for a brief moment,
 and, grasping a curtain, she fearfully gazed into the center of the hall......
However, other than the occasional crack of thunder brightening the hallway, she was unable to glimpse any flicker again.
......It must have been her imagination after all.
Maybe because she couldn\'t calm her heart, she saw something that didn\'t even exist.
Shannon resumed checking the windows...
However, in the back of her mind, a certain unnerving possibility had been resurrected.
...It was that which had been passed down amongst the servants who served the Ushiromiya main family - that ghost story.
In which the mansion had different masters of the day and the night.
 ...In which the master of the night, BEATRICE, would sometimes fly around the mansion in the form of sparkling butterflies.
......Come to think of it, hadn\'t Kanon-kun said that he had once seen it for himself......?
He got sulky when I didn\'t believe him and told him he was just seeing things...
.........Could it possibly...really...............?
The roar of the thunder gave no answer...
