The strange letter that the witch had entrusted Maria with had wiped all memories of dinner from our minds.
Maria had been repeatedly barraged with questions by Auntie Rosa and the other parents,
 and was now in the worst of tempers because no one would believe her.
 Even when we kids tried to talk to her, she would just ignore us.
Our parents were all stirred up over the gold, firing back and forth about the distribution of the assets, and completely forgetting that we children were even there.
...Even though I\'d already figured that they had been talking about this in the shadows,
 I never thought they\'d be this blunt about it, and at least to us kids it was a considerable shock.
...From what we could overhear, all of our parents wanted as much money as possible, as soon as possible.
Back and forth about Grandfather\'s inheritance.
Back and forth about the distribution of the gold if it was found.
About advance payments and cash.
......It was so despicable, I couldn\'t bear to watch, even though one of them was my dad.
...It looked like Jessica felt the same way.
We left our seats, although no one had asked us to leave, and went to hang out somewhere apart from the parents...
".........I see.
 Now I really understand why Grandfather didn\'t want to show his face during meals."
"I am so disillusioned with our parents now!
 The money, the inheritance!
 How could they act like that right out in the open!"
"Well I\'m already completely disillusioned with that old bastard.
 There\'s no way I could think any worse of him.
 Ihihi!"
"A-and you think I\'m not?!
 But even so......that freakin\' shocked me.
 Shocked me to the bottom of my heart..."
Jessica looked down at the floor, irritated.
...She was always talking about how bad her parents were, but maybe she hadn\'t really felt that way deep inside.
I could realize that from the depths of Jessica\'s shock.
"......You are both minors and still being brought up by your parents, so you might not understand,
 ......but getting money is neither a simple nor a pretty thing.
 You are still minors, so I won\'t try to force you to understand right now.
 ......But still, I\'d like you to realize that your parents are just doing their best in their own way."
".........Oh great,
 George-aniki\'s gotten all mature."
"I know that you\'re working hard as a full-fledged member of society.
 ......But does that mean that when the conversation turns to money and assets and stuff, you\'re capable of turning into a shameless, greedy vulture, like our dads...?"
".....................If it would just be about me, then no, I wouldn\'t want to do that.
 However, when your family and your employees, your subordinates and their families are all counting on you, ...there are some times when you must fight."
".........I hate that kind of fight.
 That back and forth about Grandfather\'s inheritance, it just makes me wanna puke."
Jessica pretended to spit violently.
...That harsh reaction made the depths of her pain very clear.
"...Let\'s stop talking about this.
 All of this about Grandfather\'s hidden gold, about property and inheritance, is our parents\' problem, not ours."
"I agree.
 ......At the very least, I think that being considerate and staying out of the parents\' way when they\'re talking is the duty of their children."
"......Hmph.
 ...Where\'s the fun in that..."
Everyone knows the phrase "Adults are filthy",
 ...but we had now seen that for ourselves, and that really did give us a shock.
George-aniki was now pretty much an adult, and I had already been disillusioned with my dad in the first place, so the shock wasn\'t that big for us,
 ......but it looked like it was different for Jessica.
It looked like the shock that Jessica had received was even bigger than I had thought.
.........This girl, she was always talking badly about her parents, but it looked like she hadn\'t changed at all on the inside since long ago.
...Even now, she was still a pure-hearted and delicate person who couldn\'t doubt others.
I\'m sure she respected her parents as much as anyone else does.
......And then her parents started joining in with all the other parents, right in front of us children,
 going "money money inheritance inheritance, my money!", so it was no surprise that the shock of hearing that was so big...
"...Jessica-chan.
 Please don\'t start hating your mother and father.
 ......I won\'t ask you to understand them, but at least don\'t hate them."
"I get it, just leave me alone a bit...!!"
Six years ago, I would have further taunted the dejected Jessica,
 ......but even I have grown up over the past six years.
I realized that it would be better to leave Jessica as she was right now...
Jessica suddenly looked away sulkily and left the parlor.
...She probably wanted to be left alone for now.
I could do nothing but wordlessly watch her back as she left...
"......Come to think of it, I wonder where Maria-chan went."
"She\'s probably still huddled up on the floor in front of the portrait."
Maria, who truly looked up to witches, had expected that coming in direct contact with BEATRICE, and receiving the letter as proof,
 would be an event that would surprise everyone and make them happy.
However, the adults had doubted its authenticity, had not taken Maria\'s story at face value, and had thoroughly bombarded her with questions.
...Even I didn\'t find it hard to imagine how much that must have hurt Maria.
We couldn\'t speak to either Maria or Jessica.
...In the end, George-aniki and I just abandoned ourselves to the sound of the falling rain in the dark night...
"I wonder what\'s happening with that typhoon.
 ......Maybe there\'s some news."
George-aniki walked over to the corner of the parlor where the television was.
He hadn\'t called me over, and I really couldn\'t have cared less where the typhoon was on the sea now.
 So I didn\'t go over to the television, but instead loitered around the window.
"......The wind hasn\'t picked up that much here, but I wonder if it\'s horrible over the sea.
 I did hear from the weather report that there was a severe storm warning."
"Ah, Kyrie-san.
 ...How\'s it going with you adults, lots to talk about?"
It looked like she caught the sarcasm.
Kyrie-san shrugged.
"...That stomachache of a discussion could continue all night.
 It\'s very tiring."
"Well, all I can say is, I hope you enjoy playing vultures to Grandfather\'s property to your heart\'s content.
 ...It\'s disgusting."
"I\'ll agree with you on that.
 If I could just slip away like you, I would do it.
 ...Unfortunately, I can\'t.
 Even if I\'m not allowed to speak.
 It\'s not easy being a partner, you know?"
Kyrie-san sighed, smiling bitterly.
Well, yeah.
They probably won\'t let Kyrie-san, who married into the family, speak.
Still, as Dad\'s partner, she has no choice but to stay by his side and support him.
......Being in the line of fire, she must be having to bear far greater mental pressure than me.
I wasn\'t going to apologize, but, realizing that I had spoken too harshly, I cut the sarcasm for the time being...
"So how does it look?
 Are they still stuck on the topic of the mysterious witch, BEATRICE?"
"......More or less.
 They\'d been piling up secret agreements for some time, hoping for some kind of agreement between the four of them on the distribution of Grandfather\'s inheritance after his death."
"...And now some unknown fifth person has appeared to make things even more complicated, so there\'s no way that\'ll make for a peaceful conversation.
 One moment they\'re snarling at each other, the next they\'ll set up a common front.
 ......Natsuhi nee-san\'s not the only one getting headaches."
On the one hand, they all wanted a larger portion than the other siblings, so they were all rivals,
 but on the other hand, they didn\'t want one yen to be snatched up by anyone other than the siblings, so they were also all allies.
I couldn\'t get her to tell me the details, but they were apparently arguing on and on about their ceasefire agreement and rules to prevent anyone from getting ahead,
 the situations under which their portions would be protected, and what legal measures would be taken in a worst case scenario.
......By this point, my emotions had shot straight past disgust, and now I perceived them as a force to be reckoned with...
"So, basically,
 BEATRICE is like a saboteur sent by Grandfather.
 ...He probably wanted to scare the hell out of his children for just talking about the distribution of the inheritance without him.
 Ihihi!"
"Who is this BEATRICE, I wonder?
 If she is who she says she is, then she\'s a mystery that no one knew about until today, and she also knows about the existence of Grandfather\'s hidden gold.
 Furthermore, she was even entrusted with the Head\'s Ring.
 ...She must truly have been trusted by him."
"Well, obviously I don\'t think she\'s a witch riding around on a broom.
 ......But she\'s surely a person mysterious enough to merit being called a witch."
"I just hope Maria-chan will go into more detail about that.
 ......Even though she\'s just a little girl, everyone has been just chewing her up over this.
 They really scared her, and now we can\'t even ask her things she might have answered.
 I wonder if those people have ever even read "The North Wind and the Sun"."
"What is for certain is that Maria received a letter from a person who took the name BEATRICE.
 ......Entrusting Maria with a letter and hiding away even now, when she could have just appeared and talked to us directly...she sure is shy for a mystery person.
 Hahahahaha..."
"......Hey, Battler-kun.
 Do you think that someone called BEATRICE actually exists?"
"Who knows?
 It\'s probably just a false name, right?
 Like she\'s Grandfather\'s representative, so she was permitted to take the name of the witch from his delusions?"
"No, that\'s not what I meant.
 Right now, there are a total of 18 people here on Rokkenjima.
 ......Do you think that there is a 19th person?"
Are there really a whole 18 people on this island?
Wondering about that, I began counting on my fingers, and it really did come out to 18 people.
"Do I think that a 19th person exists, you say.
 ......What exactly do you mean?"
"Just what I said.
 ......It looks like the person who lent Maria that umbrella was not one of us 18.
 Therefore, isn\'t it reasonable to think that a 19th person exists, and that this was the person who lent Maria the umbrella?"
"............Well, ......yes, I suppose."
"Then, where exactly is this person now?
 At the very least, she must have been on this island when it started raining.
 And since that time, the weather has become progressively worse, so taking a boat out would be pretty much impossible.
 In that case, that person must still be on the island hiding from the rain somewhere.
 ......And without being spotted by any of us."
".........Certainly, all of us have been randomly prowling around all over the mansion and the guesthouse, but no one has bumped into a 19th person."
"...Even so, this island is huge.
 There might be other places to hide from the rain outside the mansion and the guesthouse."
At about this time, I began to realize what direction Kyrie-san\'s doubts were taking us in.
Kyrie-san was denying that a 19th person existed.
......BEATRICE was one of us 18.
...In other words, she thought that someone we knew well was using her name.
"If BEATRICE really was as she described herself, this person would definitely be the most honored of guests.
 The most honored of confidants, trusted by Grandfather.
 ...There\'s no way that Grandfather wouldn\'t give that kind of person a warm reception.
 She would surely have been ushered into the mansion.
 However, we haven\'t seen anyone."
"Wait a second, isn\'t this line of reasoning a little too hasty?
 Yes, no one spotted them, but that doesn\'t mean that you can deny the possibility that a 19th person exists, right?"
"Maybe, for some reason, they landed on the island stealthily and have been hiding ever since.
 ......It\'s what they call the Devil\'s Proof.
 It\'s easy to prove that something exists.
 If this BEATRICE appears in front of us all and says hi, then everything is resolved.
 But it\'s impossible to prove that there is no 19th person."
"......Yes.
 Battler-kun, your way of reasoning isn\'t bad.
 In the current situation, there\'s not enough information to either accept that a 19th person exists or deny it.
 ......But if you flip over the chessboard and think of it that way, we can be nearly sure that the existence of a 19th person is impossible."
"Flip over the chessboard" was one of Kyrie-san\'s favorite phrases.
...I had also been influenced by those words, and used them myself from time to time.
When you get stuck trying to find a move in chess or shogi, by flipping the board over and looking at everything from your opponent\'s standpoint, you can often see a strategy that would give you the upper hand.
Derived from this, it means to think by putting yourself in your opponent\'s shoes.
"......Okay.
 Let\'s say that that a 19th person called BEATRICE actually exists.
 That person must have managed, without being seen by anyone, to stealthily arrive on this island and remain hidden since then.
 They had some reason for this, yes?
 In that case, why did they then deliberately appear before Maria and hand her the letter?"
It really was a contradiction.
If they had some reason for hiding themselves,
 then they should have stayed hidden the whole time, but they had appeared openly in front of Maria.
"Well......
...wait, Maria even said it.
 Didn\'t she say that she had been made a messenger?
 Since Maria was the youngest and looked the most innocent..."
"Why would they need a messenger?
 If they just wanted a letter delivered to the family conference, they could have mailed it.
 If they mailed it to each of the four siblings, they would be unable to ignore it.
 There was no need for them to carry it themselves and secretly hand it over."
".....................That really...
......does sound pretty weird."
"In the first place, if BEATRICE existed, and she wanted to make her presence known to everyone, then she could have just openly presented herself to all of us.
 Despite that, she chose the vague method of appearing through a little girl called Maria-chan, and only gave us an indistinct impression of who she was.
 Contradiction.
 Let\'s go a little deeper, shall we?"
"............She appeared in front of Maria, trying to give us the impression that a 19th person existed, and yet,
 she still hasn\'t appeared before us and is hiding somewhere at this very moment.
 The contradiction between these.
 ......Keep it in mind, and flip over the chessboard."
"In other words, the question is: why would a person want to give the impression that BEATRICE exists as a 19th person?"
"......If this person wanted to hide, then they wouldn\'t have made their presence known.
 And if they wanted to show themselves, they wouldn\'t have used the roundabout approach of entrusting someone with a letter.
 ......Which means...?"
"It\'s simple.
 BEATRICE is one of the 18.
 That is why they are creating the illusion that there is someone outside of the 18.
 ...A powerful suggestion of a 19th person."
"The only person who could profit from this would not be some 19th person in hiding.
 It would be one of the original 18 people.
 ......Of course, this reasoning is full of holes.
 If you turn over even a few of its premises, it will simply fall apart.
 But I think it is almost certainly correct."
...This was quickly starting to sound pretty creepy.
Who had lent Maria the umbrella and handed her the letter?
All of the 18 had been ruled out.
And yet, BEATRICE was hidden amongst those 18.
What was that person planning, hiding their true form and pretending to be BEATRICE...?
"I also suspected that it might have been Maria-chan playacting, but the contents of the message were extremely complicated, so it\'s hard to think that Maria-chan prepared it herself.
 ......However, I can\'t deny the possibility that Maria-chan is working together with someone."
"W-wait a sec...Maria\'s a nine year old kid!
 What on Earth could you suspect her of planning, and with who?!
 And what about her serious, too honest, and obedient character?!"
"Yes, I also understand what kind of a person Maria-chan is.
 ......But I think that\'s exactly why it\'s possible.
 That girl\'s a dreamer who looks up to and blindly accepts the existence of witches.
 So if a person appeared in front of her and said they were the witch BEATRICE, Maria-chan would be so happy that she would just swallow it up, I think."
".........So you\'re saying that if someone disguised themselves by wearing that fancy dress from the portrait, tricking Maria wouldn\'t be that hard?"
"Of course, with that reasoning, all of us women would become the primary suspects.
 ......Anyway, who did Maria-chan encounter...
 Asking her the details of that would be our best and closest key to solving this riddle."
"...But that key has been obstinately closed up inside her heart.
 Everyone denied the existence of the witch without listening to her, and barraged her with too many questions about who BEATRICE actually was.
 ......Maria-chan probably won\'t open her heart to the adults now."
In the dim hall, in front of the portrait of BEATRICE, ......Maria was sobbing.
"......Uu...
 Uu.
 ...No one believes I met you!
 ......Uu......
uu......
 I showed them the letter you gave me, but they still don\'t believe...!
 .........Uu......u...
u...
...hic...
hic!"
"Anyway, Maria-chan\'s holding the key.
 The key to whether BEATRICE is one of the 18 people or a 19th person."
"...Maria is stubborn, you know?
 That girl, when she gets angry, it\'s pretty hard to make her feel better."
"Battler-kun, I think there\'s a higher probability of a kid like you cheering her up than an adult like me.
 ...After she feels better, try asking her."
"......I know you don\'t care about all this back and forth on the distribution of the inheritance,
 but don\'t you think this classic Western mansion mystery situation is exciting?
 Who in the world is this person who gave Maria-chan the letter?
 ......It makes my intellectual curiosity tingle."
"Even while being made to sit through those boring money talks, you can call this exciting? You really are tough...
 Adults are something else."
I shrugged, exasperated.
...But I had realized.
She had noticed the dejection I was feeling because I had overheard our parents\' turbulent discussion,
 and was probably trying to turn my mood around.
...She had at least managed to make me feel good enough to hurl abuse.
......She wasn\'t my real mother, so I never felt like calling her Mom.
...But it did make me think "she\'s a real adult".
"Hey, brats, so this is where you were?
 Kyrie, you really took your time fixing your makeup, didn\'t you?
 From now on, I\'ll start wearing it too."
"I\'m sorry.
 A woman\'s makeup takes a long time.
 ............So?
 How has the discussion been without me?"
"Hehehe, I\'m sure everything was all peaceful and harmonious."
Kyrie-san poked the weak spot under my arm with her elbow.
"...We decided to take a break to cool our heads a little.
 It looks like it\'ll last all night.
 I could cry."
His way of talking hadn\'t changed, but he couldn\'t completely hide his fatigue.
...I couldn\'t say I was sympathetic, but he looked pitiful compared to his normal, energetic self.
"Still, that rain\'s just awful.
 I really don\'t want to go back to the guesthouse.
 It looks like Natsuhi nee-san made preparations for us to spend the night here in the mansion.
 What\'ll we do?"
"......We don\'t need to think about that until you\'re done, right?
 If you run out of enough energy to head back to our room, then we can let them take care of us."
"You\'re right.
 We can think about it later.
 ......What about you, Battler?"
"If I stayed, I\'d just get in the way.
 I\'ll be nice and go back over there."
".........OK.
 Will you go back soon?"
"I dunno.
 It\'d be lonely to head back by myself.
 I\'ll head back with the rest of the kids as a group."
"Yeah.
 That\'d be good.
 ...............So, Battler.
 You won\'t just be going to sleep that easily, right?"
"Yeah, I\'ll probably be up talking with the cousins.
 It feels like we might be up all night.
 Is there a problem with that?"
"......OK.
 If, when the adults\' discussion is over, you are still awake, I want to have a little talk as a family."
"...A what?
 That doesn\'t sound like you."
Apparently, Kyrie-san was thinking the same thing.
"What are you talking about?",
 she asked him in a small voice.
...It looked like Kyrie-san didn\'t have a clue what Dad was talking about either.
"......I want to talk to you about it as well.
 ......I\'ll tell you later, so don\'t ask now.
 Please."
".....................?"
I don\'t think there\'s anyone who ignores their family as much as this old bastard.
...And this was the guy that was asking us to have a talk as a family.
......Both Kyrie-san and I couldn\'t help but get wide-eyed.
"Don\'t make that scared looking face.
 I\'m the one that should be scared.
 ............I mean, ......"
At that point, he swallowed his words for an instant.
...I don\'t remember Dad being the kind of person to artificially drum up suspense.
"...You\'re freaking me out, Dad.
 You\'ve got your family all here right now.
 Quit beating around the bush and spit it out."
"..................I\'m probably...
......gonna get...
murdered tonight."
There was a huge crash of thunder.
It must have been really close.
Dad\'s expression, brightly illuminated by the lightning, was burned into my eyes.
......Dad\'s face, which always looked so sure of itself and which always wore a taunting expression,
 ......was, for some reason that I couldn\'t explain, strangely frail.
 ............It was so worn out that he looked like a different person.
"Wh-what...?!
 ...What are you talking about, that doesn\'t sound like you!"
"*giggle*.
 I agree.
 What happened? You look so timid all of a sudden.
 It\'s not like you."
".........I\'m going to go fix my makeup.
 Don\'t follow me."
Dad turned away, weakly.
...After that, only Kyrie-san and I were left, still wide-eyed.
"What the hell was that.........?
 He\'s gonna get murdered tonight?"
"You don\'t think that mysterious letter scared him?
 Hasn\'t he been watching too many serial murder movies?"
"..................Hmmm."
Kyrie-san didn\'t answer my lighthearted words, and continued to stare at my dad\'s disappearing back...
"......Battler-kun, when you told Rudolf-san to talk about it, he left without telling us anything.
 Even though he said that he had something to say to everyone, he didn\'t answer you.
 Why?
 ......Flip over the chessboard.
 ............And when you do?"
"There\'s the contradiction that he said he wanted to talk but then couldn\'t.
 ...What, can you see anything by looking from Dad\'s perspective?"
"......*giggle*.
 Yes, I can see something.
 He wants to talk about something.
 However, he doesn\'t have the courage to bring it up.
 So he actually means "In that case, chase after me, talk to me, and question it out of me".
 He also means the opposite when he says "Don\'t follow me".
 He actually means "Follow me and force me to answer."
 ......Honestly, what a spoiled little child."
"Whaaaa?!
 Are you sure that theory\'s OK?!
 Th-that\'s ridiculous."
"Heheheh, can great detectives deduce the emotions and feelings between men and women?
 They can\'t, right?
 Figuring out the feelings of the opposite sex is an even more advanced art than exposing the tricks in difficult crime cases.
 If you ask me, romance novels have much deeper mysteries than masterpiece mystery novels."
"I, ...I see.
 Is that how it is......"
"I\'ll be with that spoiled little child.
 ......He normally loves to act tough, but tonight he\'s completely tired out from that heated discussion.
 He probably wants someone to lean on at the moment.
 And responding to that need is the duty of his partner."
"Hahh.
 Sounds passionate.
 Then I\'ll leave the old bastard in your hands."
"Yes, leave it to me."
As Kyrie-san departed, I called out to her.
"......Huh?
 What?"
"Um, I wanted to say thanks.
 Thanks to you, my gloomy mood has cleared up a lot."
"That\'s good.
 Communication is important."
After answering with a wink, Kyrie-san followed after Dad...
Natsuhi could be found in the dimly lit hallway.
Now and then, the thunder would crash, but this had no effect on Natsuhi\'s expression.
......Her expression was completely worn out.
The discussion that had just taken place between the relatives in the dining hall was repeating itself inside Natsuhi\'s mind...
BEATRICE had proclaimed that in addition to the gold, the headship and all of the assets of the Ushiromiya family would be given to the person who could solve the riddle.
...In other words, she planned to undermine the absolute guarantee that Krauss, as the oldest brother, had to succeed the family head.
Originally, the other siblings had absolutely no chance to succeed the head.
To them, this "proposal" by BEATRICE was extremely desirable.
It was obvious that they would accept BEATRICE\'s proposal.
...Even without playing clumsy detective games, she knew that this so called 19th person, BEATRICE, couldn\'t exist.
This was a message employing a fictional character called BEATRICE as a messenger; it may as well have been written in Kinzo\'s own handwriting.
The proof was that Kinzo remained stubbornly neutral as to that letter\'s authenticity.
......He was completely ignoring these reckless claims that he shouldn\'t be able to ignore: that he had given up the Head\'s Ring.
............In short, Kinzo had wordlessly admitted that the letter held his own message.
Most likely, one of the servants had given Maria the letter.
Kinzo had probably worked out an elaborate plan where the dress from the portrait would be prepared,
 ......and someone, probably Shannon, would be made to wear it and deliver the letter and the umbrella.
By doing that, he could make it seem like the witch from the portrait actually existed.
...No, if anything, that is why you could be certain that Kinzo was behind all of this.
In that case, ......it was just as if Kinzo had butted in on the siblings\' private discussion.
And, by announcing that he would give everything to the person who could solve the riddle, Kinzo had weakened Krauss\'s overwhelming advantage.
.........Now it was certain.
Kinzo had listened in on the siblings\' discussion in the parlor earlier that day.
So he had known how Krauss had staved off the attack by the other three,
 and to make the scales of the battle go back into balance, he had sent out this strange letter which benefited the other three.
Eva and Rudolf had dragged Rosa in, who had a weak position among the siblings because of her age,
 and they were trying once again to overwhelm Krauss three-on-one, and push through their crazy reasoning.
......And so, they had resumed what had once been a nearly decided conflict, and were repeatedly pressing Krauss to pay them a large amount of money...
Talk about the advance payment, which had been denied once already, was being brought up again under the terms that all of the siblings would guarantee Krauss the succession to the family head.
Of course, even without the story about the hidden gold, the Ushiromiya family\'s store of wealth was vast.
Just that store was worth more than enough by itself.
Even if the hidden gold was buried forever along with Kinzo\'s death, there would be more than enough to satisfy.
Therefore, even if they had no interest in the gold itself,
 there would be the lifelong fear that, on the off-chance that someone found the gold, that person would be granted the position of family head.
And this kind of Achilles\' heel would definitely be taken advantage of by someone sooner or later.
The only person with this fatal weakness was the successor to the head, Krauss.
......The other siblings had found,
 ...no, they had been told, by Kinzo, about something that only Krauss could lose, and they had thoroughly taken advantage of that.
...Natsuhi, as Krauss\'s only ally in his painful position, and as his wife, had believed she was fighting alongside him.
She kept trying to point out to him that the existence of the gold itself was a farce and that there was no need for him to compromise.
Krauss had always told Natsuhi.
 He had told all of the siblings.
He had always, always said that the hidden gold was nothing more than a fiction created by Kinzo.
Therefore, Natsuhi had believed that as his wife, and on that foundation had supported her husband.
Yet her words would not reach him.
...Even though she was fighting so hard and lending all of her strength, he continued to fight by himself, and was trying to compromise with the other three siblings...
Wondering why she could not be of use to him, Natsuhi felt sorrow, shame, and then anger.
It had happened when everyone decided to take a short break to cool their heads.
Natsuhi had flared up against Krauss.
Enraged, she had asked why she could not be useful to him.
......He had told her that he wanted to talk about something, and had invited her into one of his private rooms, which she was normally not allowed to enter.
That room had been sealed with a heavy-looking padlock, and just looking at it had given her an uncomfortable feeling...
"There\'s no reason for you to worry about what those three or even this suspicious person who calls themselves BEATRICE says!!
 After all, the gold is just a ruse created by Father.
 There\'s no way something like that could be found!!
 It is set in stone that you will be the successor to the family.
 What are you afraid of?!"
Krauss removed the padlock on the door.
He then motioned for Natsuhi to enter.
"Enter."
"Wha-......what is this?"
"There\'s something I want to show you.
 ......I have never shown it to you before."
Natsuhi timidly opened the door with a dubious expression on her face...
It was pitch black.
She searched for a switch to turn on the lights, but since this was her first time in the room, she didn\'t know where it was.
Krauss entered behind her, pushing her in, and closed the door before making any attempt to turn on the lights; the two were swallowed up by the darkness.
Only the sound of Krauss locking the door rang out through the dark.
"Wh-what are you doing...?
 The, the lights..."
"I am turning it on now.
 Wait."
True to his word, Krauss pushed a switch on the wall, and a flickering light turned on and lit up the room.
"...........................Wh-
what is......?"
Natsuhi had her breath taken away.
The room had no windows, and at a glance, it appeared to be empty.
In the middle of the room, a small, round table had been set,
 and the lights brightened only that table, as if it were the leading part in a play.
Laid out on top of the table was a red tablecloth of elaborate design, covered with dust,
 ......and on top of that, "something" about the size of a grown man\'s arm had been set down.
......That something took Natsuhi\'s breath away.
"It\'s a gold ingot of incredible purity.
 Without this, no one would have believed in the Legend of the Gold."
It was an ingot of solid gold.
Even in the faint light, it sparkled with a noble and dignified gold glint...
"This is not a proper ingot.
 I don\'t even know whether it was cast inside or outside the country."
It takes a high level of skill to make the purest of solid gold ingots.
And in order to verify that purity, it is standard to have the original foundry and the name of the bank that guaranteed it imprinted on the gold.
...However, this ingot did not have that kind of seal.
.........This mysterious gold bar had come from an unknown foundry.
"Look here.
 ............There\'s nothing to be afraid of.
 It\'s just a bar of gold."
Natsuhi, following Krauss\'s words, timidly approached the ingot......
"Right there."
Krauss pointed at the surface of the ingot.
...Natsuhi concentrated on that section...
".....................!!"
Right there was the thin imprint of the One-winged Eagle crest!
 Natsuhi\'s breath was taken away once again.
"That\'s right.
 This is the legendary ingot that Dad said he received from the witch, that the president of Marusoo witnessed and was allowed to select at random to take back with him,
 that gained the trust of the fixers in the business world.
 I had to use all possible means to find it.
 ......Before the other siblings could."
".........How could............
 ......Then,
 .........the legend of Father\'s gold is........."
"It actually exists.
 ......The gold that Ushiromiya Kinzo received from BEATRICE actually exists."
"How could...............!
 H-......how could it really exist............"
Natsuhi was shocked......
Krauss had always said that Kinzo\'s gold was just a fabrication.
So she had believed it as his wife.
However, the reality was different.
He had held definite proof, and had been more certain than any of the other siblings that the Legend of the Gold was true.
Because of this, Krauss was deeply frightened at the possibility that someone other than himself would find the gold that he had failed to find, costing him everything.
......But to Natsuhi, this truth was more than enough to split open her heart.
She had thought that, as Krauss\'s wife, she should be his closest confidant, which was why she had been selflessly supporting him.
...And yet, he had hidden this fact from her until today.
 .........Why?
"......Ha-
.........have I been...
.........so undeserving of your trust............?"
".........I didn\'t mean it like that.
 It was only that there was no need to mention it."
"Is,
 ......is that all a,
 ............a wife...
means to you............?!"
"Calm down...
 Becoming passionate easily is one of your bad habits."
"You\'re the one who\'s making me like that, aren\'t you!!!
 I have been supporting you as a wife ever since I married into this family...!
 For your sake, I threw away the family I was born into,
 I\'ve been offering up my heart and my body to serve you...!!"
"And in return,
 .........I get this.........?!!
 How could......
 ............How could you............!!"
Krauss grimaced, looking annoyed...
His expression effectively communicated how much he disliked this part of Natsuhi...
"......I.........
 I don\'t think I can be of any use to you anymore............"
"Mm, and that is fine.
 .........I can resolve problems between the siblings by myself.
 I don\'t need your help."
"That\'s wrong!!
 This is the Ushiromiya family\'s problem!
 It\'s true that I am not permitted to have the family crest imprinted on my body!
 But I am still your wife!!"
"Even so, ......are you saying I\'m not qualified to help you...?!
 Are you.........?!!!"
".....................I deliberately chose not to involve you, out of consideration for you.
 Let\'s not talk any further; it will likely only worsen your headaches.
 Take a rest for today.
 The siblings will deal with the siblings\' problems.
 It has nothing to do with you.
 That is all."
A dull headache tormented Natsuhi...
No matter what medicine she took, no matter what scents she burned, it wouldn\'t heal.
......On the other hand, by standing here alone in a dimly lit corridor, her head filled with the sound of the rain, she felt like the pain had softened a little...
.........I may have been Natsuhi,
 ...but I was not Ushiromiya Natsuhi.
Denigrated as being a sorry excuse for a wife, ...verbally abused for not even being able to take care of that,
 .........even so, I tried to properly perform the duties of a wife,
 ......but have been rejected even by my husband.
I did my best raising my daughter as though it was the last job left to me.
...However, my anger and sadness, having no place to go, caused me to subconsciously strain that relationship too...
Because I have been excessively strict in Jessica\'s education, I am thoroughly disliked by her.
Jessica despises me for not being interested in anything but grades.
......There is no longer...
......anything I can do for the Ushiromiya family.........
No,
 ......that\'s no good.
Even so, I must help my husband dislodge the schemes of the other greedy siblings.
The head won\'t be around much longer.
 Eventually, Krauss will succeed the head.
And the next successor will be Jessica.
.........Strictly speaking, the man who enters the family by marrying Jessica will become the next head, but it all comes to the same thing.
......I have to make Jessica an excellent successor who everyone will accept as worthy to take over the Ushiromiya family.
In the years to come, that greedy Ushiromiya Eva will surely be continually plotting to find some fault with the main family,
 so that if all goes as she plans, Jessica will be dragged down from the succession, with George in her place.
......It is regrettable, but George is a man, and even more, has matured as a person.
...If you compare him to Jessica, who is right in the middle of her rebellious period and whose grades are below average, you can see at a glance who is more fit to succeed the head.
So in order to secure Jessica\'s position, I need to turn her into an excellent person.
After doing that, .........I want to find her an excellent husband worthy of the excellent person she will have become.
.........A wonderful man who will truly accept Jessica, and stay with her through all of life\'s joys and sorrows.
Was that...............Natsuhi trying to entrust her daughter with fulfilling some desire of her own?
Natsuhi thought back to the days when she\'d had no choice but to marry into the Ushiromiya family, because of that unavoidable fate...
She had tried to block that from her memory.
.........She had consciously forgotten that, and had actively attended to the life she had been given as Ushiromiya Natsuhi...
And this was the new life she had built.
.........But, ...it felt like,
 ......just now, all of that had been casually rejected.
"..............................
 How should I think as I live my life?
 ...............I don\'t know."
Natsuhi helplessly rested her head against the glass of the window...
The glass, cooled by the raindrops beating against it, was somehow refreshing, and even though it had no emotions, ...right then it seemed to be the only thing that could understand Natsuhi...
Even if someone showed up there and saw her like this, Natsuhi had no intention of caring in the least.
.........But she found herself caring.
 .........Because it was her beloved daughter.
".........Oh,
 ......it\'s you, Mom.
 What the heck are you doing here?
 Thought you were a ghost..."
Just like always, her words were rough and not at all like a girl\'s.
...Instinctively, words of rebuke rose to Natsuhi\'s throat.
.........However, they did so only weakly, and so she was able to prevent them from escaping her lips.
"........................Jessica.
 I\'m sorry, your mother has an awful headache.
 Please leave me be."
"..................Oh......"
Jessica was more than slightly disconcerted by this first ever sight of feebleness from her mother.
Until just now, she had been filled with contempt for all of the parents, including her mother.
...But now, not the slightest bit of that feeling remained.
......All of it had been wiped out by her mother\'s completely exhausted face.
In its place, the words that George had told her floated back up in her mind.
The parents are doing their best in their own way.
...They are supporting their family, so they can\'t afford to keep everything pleasant, and have a heavy responsibility to fight.
......Couldn\'t her mother have been standing around in this dimly lit hallway because no one had tried to understand that...?
Jessica didn\'t like her mother.
......So she had no instinct to give her mother words of kindness just because she looked a little frail...
Therefore, in order to give those words regardless, she had to clench both her fists, and wrench the words out from the depths of her heart.
"It, .........it looks like you really have your hands full with that discussion..."
".....................It has nothing to do with you.
 Please go somewhere else."
".........Is your headache bad?
 Should, should I go get some medicine...?"
"...............You don\'t have to trouble yourself.
 ...Please, leave me by myself."
Natsuhi was not being cold to her.
...She just wanted to get her daughter far away from her, so that she could avoid subjecting her to her short temper.
......But there was no chance that her intentions would reach Jessica.
".....................o......okay."
Jessica hung her head, looking sad.
...Looking at that expression, Natsuhi realized that Jessica was trying to muster up the strength to be kind to her mother.
She gave her head a small shake to drive away her own unkind feelings...
"Then I\'ll......leave.
 ......I\'ll be with the other cousins so I don\'t get in the way of the adults.
 ............See you..."
".........Wait."
She called Jessica, about to make her desolate exit, to a stop.
"......What...?"
"............Thank you for being considerate.
 .........It isn\'t good of me to go to sleep and leave you alone."
"D-don\'t talk like that, you\'ll bring bad luck..."
"...I apologize for worrying you.
 I\'m alright now.
 .........I will go."
Staying here any longer with such a feeble expression would actually make her daughter feel more uncomfortable.
...Thinking this, Natsuhi left Jessica with words of gratitude and made to depart.
......This time, it was Jessica who called out to her mother\'s back.
Natsuhi stopped, turned around, and asked what she wanted.
But Jessica herself didn\'t know why she had stopped her mother,
 ...and for a while, she muttered to herself with a slightly forced smile as she hesitated over what to say.
She was poking around in her pocket when her hand touched something, and she took it out.
"Um, hey, Mom!
 I, uh, was given a charm today.
 What was it, a charm against magic?"
"Umm, err...... I\'m pretty sure that...you were supposed to hang it from your doorknob, was it?
 Ahahaha... I forget...
 There\'s no reason for me to have it, so......
I\'m giving it to you."
It was the scorpion charm that Maria had given her by the beach that day.
Although she had heard of its various effects from Maria, right now, Jessica\'s mind was blank, and it was all she could do to say even that much.
Thinking that her mother probably wouldn\'t accept the charm anyway, Jessica had immediately drawn back the hand offering it to her.
......So when Natsuhi came back and took hold of that hand, she was extremely surprised...
"......................What is this?
 Some kind of giveaway...?"
"W-well, it\'s, I think it\'s something like that...
 I guess you can\'t expect any benefits from a charm that looks like a toy......"
But her mother took the scorpion charm from her grip.
"Thank you.
 I\'ll take good care of it.
 ............Sometime soon, in exchange, I\'ll give you a charm that was important to me when I was a child."
"...It, it\'s not like that\'s why I gave it to you.
 ......But, well,
 ......if you really say so..."
"Then I will rest for now.
 My headache is awful.
 .........Try not to stay up too late."
"Sure..."
Natsuhi put the charm in her pocket and turned away.
......She then disappeared into the dark hall...
"...It looks like the weather will be like this all day tomorrow after all."
"Damn... It\'s hard to believe it was dry out earlier."
George-aniki and I were killing time in front of the parlor television.
At that point, Jessica returned.
Her face was still blank, but it looked like she had calmed down a little since she had left.
"......Is Maria still in front of the portrait?"
"Nope.
 She just came back, and she\'s sleeping over there on the sofa.
 It is getting pretty late for her."
Looking at the clock, it was a little past 10 p.m.
...Even if we were going to stay up all night, it was about time to head back to our room.
"My mom did prepare a room for us in the mansion, but...
...what d\'you wanna do?"
"I think I\'d rather head back to the guesthouse.
 ......Judging by our parents\' appearance, I think it would be better if we weren\'t in the mansion."
"Second that.
 Feels like they\'re telling us kids to mind our own business and stay out of their way.
 Let\'s do that, like good little boys and girls."
After we discussed that, Auntie Rosa came into the parlor.
She was looking all over restlessly, probably trying to find Maria.
"Auntie Rosa, if you\'re looking for Maria, she\'s over there on the sofa."
"Thank you.
 My, she\'s out cold.
 ......We must move her to a bed."
"If you would like me to, I can carry her to a bed."
"Thank you, that would be wonderful.
 .........Will all of you return to the guesthouse?
 Or will you stay in the room Natsuhi nee-san had prepared?"
"We were just talking about that.
 We just decided to head over to the guesthouse."
"Really.
 Then I wonder if you wouldn\'t mind taking Maria with you.
 ...I think it will be much more comforting for her if she\'s with all of her cousins."
It seemed that, in the shadow behind those words, there was some regret that the adults, herself included, had deeply hurt Maria\'s feelings...
"Leave it to us, Auntie.
 After all, we do have an expert at comforting Maria with us!"
"A-are you talking about me?
 I couldn\'t do it by myself.
 We\'ll need everyone together."
"That\'s right.
 Battler, weren\'t you the one who hit it off with Maria when you were messing around earlier?"
As we said this, Auntie Rosa smiled, looking truly happy.
"Thank you, everyone.
 ......It looks like our meeting will last until very late.
 So, I\'m sorry for the burden, but I\'ll have to leave Maria in your hands."
"Hey, Maria, are you awake...?
 We\'re going back to the guesthouse~."
Maria muttered something indistinct as if answering, but then rolled over and fell back asleep.
......It looked like she was sleeping deeply.
"She\'s really out cold.
 It\'d be bad to wake her."
"Right, I\'ll carry her."
Maria\'s body was much lighter than it looked.
George-aniki picked her up and pulled her over his back.
It was raining hard outside, and Aniki couldn\'t hold an umbrella and carry Maria at the same time.
It looked like Auntie Rosa would come with us as far as the guesthouse to help out.
However, when she heard Uncle Krauss\'s voice call out to her, she had no choice but to return.
"......Oh dear.
 I have to go back."
".........Is everyone returning to the guesthouse?"
After we left the hall on the way to the entrance, the door to the servant room opened and Shannon-chan stepped out.
"It has become very dark, so allow me to guide you."
"Perfect timing, Shannon-chan.
 George-kun is going to carry Maria there.
 Could you hold an umbrella for him?"
"Yes, certainly."
Shannon-chan brought umbrellas for each of us and a flashlight to guide the way.
As we opened the front door, the downpour was quite terrific.
It looked like we wouldn\'t have any spare time to take a pleasant walk and enjoy the nighttime rose garden...
"Aniki, is she too heavy?
 Want me to carry her?"
"It\'s alright.
 I can at least carry Maria-chan."
"......I\'m truly grateful.
 Please take care of Maria."
"Right, we understand.
 In that case, goodnight, Auntie."
"Then I will see them over there and return here."
"Yes, please..."
Auntie Rosa saw us off.
".........Maria.
 ......I\'m sorry for everything..."
Rosa\'s mumbling voice didn\'t reach the person in question, nor anyone else, but disappeared beneath the sound of the rain...
After cutting through the rainy rose garden, we arrived at the guesthouse.
"Ahh, if only I\'d applied for the position of Maria-carrier!
 Then I\'d have gotten to rub Shannon-chan\'s huge chest all over with my arm as she held the umbrella over me!"
"Th-th-th-that\'s not on purpose, it\'s a misunderstanding...!"
"I, I thought that if I didn\'t, George-sama would get all wet........."
"C\'mon, quit babbling and go in!"
After being nudged by Jessica, Shannon folded up her umbrella and went into the guesthouse.
"Has anyone gotten their clothes wet?
 I can bring some towels if you would like..."
"You don\'t need to worry about us that much.
 Thanks, Shannon-chan."
"Oh, yes.
 We were saying earlier that we would play some cards, do you want to stay with us for a while?"
"Huh?
 Who had the night shift on today\'s schedule?"
"I believe there is a special schedule for the duration of the family conference.
 I think there were a few changes, so I will go and check......"
"Wait, if you have to go all the way back to the mansion to find out, you don\'t have to force yourself - "
"Ah, it\'s alright.
 I can find out from the servant room in the guesthouse.
 ......Please excuse me for a short while."
Shannon-chan gave a quick bow and went into the guesthouse servant room.
The rest of us headed for the cousins\' room and put Maria in the bed for the time being.
Maria was sleeping very deeply, and there was absolutely no sign of her eyes opening...
We got some drinks out of the room\'s refrigerator, and spent some time playing cards while drinking...
"......Oh?
 Kanon-kun?
 Even Genji-sama is here.
 ...What is happening with tonight\'s shift...?"
"............Krauss-sama has given an order.
 There have been modifications made to most of the schedule."
"......Indeed.
 Gohda has been changed to the night shift at the mansion.
 You and Kanon have the night shift in the guesthouse.
 Kumasawa-san and I have been ordered to spend the night in the guesthouse...
 We just now had a phone call stating that you are to remain here as well."
"Huh...?
 Th-that\'s quite a large modification...
 The shifts at the guesthouse and the mansion have been completely reversed, haven\'t they...?"
Originally, Shannon and Kanon had been given the night shift in the mansion, while the night shift in the guesthouse, where all of the relatives were staying, had been assigned to Gohda, who had an abundance of experience in entertaining.
Kumasawa had been scheduled to stay in the guesthouse, while Genji had been scheduled to stay in the mansion.
However, it seemed that Krauss had suddenly ordered that the schedule be modified.
......The shifts at the guesthouse and the mansion had all been reversed, and Genji was spending the night in the guesthouse.
"............It\'s probably because of BEATRICE-sama\'s letter."
"Probably? ......Why?"
".........When such a mysterious letter appeared, it was only natural that Krauss-sama would suspect one of us.
 .........We serve directly under the Master, so Krauss-sama probably wanted to keep us as far away from the family conference as possible."
Genji, Shannon, and Kanon were all permitted to wear the Ushiromiya family crest, the "One-winged Eagle", as the servants who served directly under Kinzo.
Of course, since they were working for the Ushiromiya family, they had to obey anyone\'s orders, but their only boss was Kinzo.
Since only Kinzo held the right to employ them, even Krauss could not have them dismissed of his own accord.
Because of this, they were often viewed by Krauss and the others as Kinzo\'s underlings, and shunned.
And in reality, Kinzo would seldom let anyone other than them enter his study.
You could probably call this sudden shift change a clear expression of that sense of distrust.
Considering the time Kinzo had left to live, this would definitely be the last family conference before the problem of the inheritance would come up.
On top of that, the mysterious letter that claimed to be from BEATRICE had dropped in out of the blue.
Krauss definitely wanted to keep Kinzo\'s loyal subjects away from the table of such a delicate and important discussion...
"......If you would excuse me, I will go rest.
 ...If anything happens, call me immediately."
"Our company tonight is...special."
""Yes, certainly, Genji-sama.""
Genji nodded back, went behind a screen, took off his jacket, and slowly began to relax after a day\'s worth of tension...
".........The ones who just returned now, were they the children...?"
"Yes.
 The other relatives are having a conference in the mansion.
 It looked like it would drag on until much later..."
"......That would be comfortable.
 It\'s already this late, and there\'s this weather.
 Probably, the rest of the relatives will spend the night in their rooms in the mansion."
"Yes, probably...
 I\'m only saying this because Genji-sama isn\'t around, but...
...I\'m a little happy I was sent to the guesthouse......I think..."
"Oh...?
 Why\'s that?
 Because you were able to distance yourself from the bullying of Madam and Eva-sama?
 ...Or do you have another reason?"
"I, ......I don\'t have any...
...o-other reasons...!"
".........I see.
 Then, let\'s do our best together with our midnight shift.
 I\'m counting on you, Nee-san."
"Ah, ......umm.........
 Just now, I was asked to go to the children\'s room and play with them..."
Shannon hung her head apologetically, ...and made uncertain glances toward Kanon\'s eyes.
Kanon didn\'t try to meet her gaze, and spoke curtly as he sighed.
It looked like he didn\'t plan on indulging his "sister".
"............You can\'t.
 You were assigned the night shift.
 ...And besides that, it is not necessary for furniture like us to respond to an invitation to play.
 ...You understand, right?"
"Y-...yes, I do understand.
 ..................nn."
Shannon dropped her shoulders slightly.
...She had already expected that Kanon, who considered rules to be very important, would probably say something like that, but even so, she was a little discouraged.
As Kanon turned the pages of a logbook, he spoke without facing Shannon.
"............In that case, you must be keeping the children waiting.
 You will have to apologize and tell them that you have the night shift and won\'t be able to stay with them.
 ......Off you go, then."
"Huh.........ah, yes!
 I\'ll just go apologize..."
Shannon hurriedly stood from her seat before her brother\'s mood could change, gave a quick bow, and flew out of the servant room...
As he watched her disappear, Kanon took a single deep breath...
Genji\'s voice came from beyond the screen.
"......Kanon.
 ......I will be here, so you should go too."
"Genji-sama...
 ......Shannon was the only one called.
 It\'s not like I was invited..."
"That is only because you were not there at the time.
 If you had been, you would have been invited as well.
 ......It is good to play as a child from time to time."
".......................................
 ......No, that\'s not something that I need to do.
 ......A human child may have a need to play.
 ......But we......are furniture."
".....................Is that so."
".........Nee-san is also...
furniture.
 .........Even if she pretends to be a person,
 ...it will only hurt her later.
 ...I understand that, so I try not to get too close to people."
Genji did not say anything after that.
......A few moments passed, and then he stood up, used a pot of hot water to make some hot chocolate from powder, and served it to Kanon as well.
"Holy crap, seriously?!?!
 I did not know that...!!"
"Keep it down, dumbass!
 You\'ll wake Maria up!"
Battler was so surprised that he yelled obnoxiously and scattered his cards everywhere.
His voice caused Maria to turn over once, but she soon fell back into a deep sleep...
Jessica gave him a jab, and he lowered his voice.
"No, but, yeah...now that you\'ve said that...they really did have that kind of atmosphere, didn\'t they...
 ......Haa, now I see, that George-aniki..."
George could not be seen anywhere in the room.
A short while ago, when Shannon had come into the room, George had suddenly said that he had forgotten something in the mansion and needed to go back and get it.
Shannon had said she would guide him, just like she had on the way to the guesthouse, and the two of them had departed together.
"......They\'ve been showing signs of it for a long time, you know?
 Asking what the other person liked, asking what their hobbies were.
 I always knew it was too much to just be a passing interest!"
"Come to think of it, I get the feeling that George-aniki has always been overly nice to Shannon-chan......
 Nowww I get it..."
"According to the weather report, it looks like it will be at its worst tonight.
 It also seems that it won\'t stop all tomorrow, but it should get a little better."
"...Really?
 Then, the boat may not arrive until the day after tomorrow......
 ...I\'m concerned that it might interfere with your work on Monday..."
"Hahaha, I already knew that the typhoon would be coming beforehand.
 Just in case, I made sure that I didn\'t have any plans for Monday, so it\'s alright.
 ...I may not look like it, but I really am the type who can plan ahead in his schedule."
George puffed out his chest, acting proud.
Compared to the normally composed appearance that George always had as the oldest cousin, he now looked amusingly like a little kid.
Shannon chuckled at this gap.
"It\'s no surprise that someone who will soon make his company prosperous is so well prepared."
"...Well, making a company prosperous really is a tough job.
 Money isn\'t the only thing that\'s important.
 I learned that well by studying from my father.
 Making a company prosperous is like having a castle and leading your subordinates."
"My father, true to his name of Hideyoshi, really loves reading about the great leaders of the Sengoku period.
 Most of his philosophical speeches on business management start with one of them.
 ...Did you know?
 Takeda Shingen, who was feared as the leader of the strongest cavalry corps in the Sengoku period, started out with his troops in complete disarray, and didn\'t have the kind of strong leadership necessary to utilize them well."
"Is that true?
 That\'s a little unexpected."
"In order to unite his troops, Shingen utilized several strategies.
 For example, when a soldier succeeded well in battle, he would immediately honor them with a medal.
 Normally, that kind of thing was put off until after the war and they were all awarded at once."
"By doing that regularly on the field of battle,
 he immediately showed his appreciation for his troops\' military exploits, which motivated them in an extremely significant fashion.
 Furthermore, whenever one of his troops was brought down by an illness, he would be the first to rush up to them and care for them, things like that."
"...Takeda Shingen wasn\'t just the man who led the strongest calvary corps in the Sengoku period.
 He was the person who cared the most for his troops throughout the Sengoku period."
"......That must be why all of his troops followed him."
The truth was, Shannon had already heard this story several years ago.
...But when George started to tie his father in with one of these stories, he would always be beaming, looking like he was having a great time.
So Shannon did not interrupt, but merely smiled, to encourage him to continue.
"Of course, in a capitalist world, money is power, and it is also the height of your castle wall.
 But you can\'t build up a castle or succeed in war by yourself.
 That kind of thing can only be created with the support of many subordinates, by borrowing their strength."
"......After understanding this, when I look at my father\'s back, I realize how immature I am,
 I see how much my father has cultivated his character by working hard, and understand well how he was able to build up all that he has until today."
"George-sama, you truly look up to your father...
 I\'m jealous."
"A-ah, sorry...that\'s not exactly the way I meant to say it."
"I, I am sorry... I also didn\'t mean it that way......"
The two of them awkwardly looked at their feet.
Shannon had no parents.
She had been brought up in a welfare institute owned by Kinzo called the Gospel House.
Under the guidance of the honorary director, Kinzo, the Gospel House offered excellent students a chance to live a life of service.
If they were accepted, they would be able to leave the institute and work as servants for the Ushiromiya family.
...This was considered to be the highest honor for a student.
Servants from the Gospel () House all took names with the character "" in them while they served.
So "Shannon" () wasn\'t her real name.
The same goes for "Kanon" ().
All of the students of the Gospel House were orphans.
Or, failing that, people who had been disowned by their parents through some special circumstances.
......Because of this, the students had been taught to think of each other as their only family.
That\'s why it seemed so natural to Kanon to call Shannon his sister.
And while only Shannon and Kanon were working today in the mansion,
 there were other servants who worked in the shift rotation, named Manon () and Lenon (), who also inherited the "" character in their names.
...However, there were not many servants who stayed with the Ushiromiya family for long.
It was standard for them to quit after three years.
So you could probably say that Shannon, who had been working for over ten years, was a very rare exception to the rule.
Working as a servant for the Ushiromiya family was a heavy burden to bear, but the pay wasn\'t bad at all.
Working for a full three years would earn more than what was needed to enter mainstream society.
That was why, even though the students realized what a harsh task working for the Ushiromiya family was, they still hoped to be accepted.
But in Shannon\'s case, maybe the fact that she had managed to continue for more than ten years should not be viewed as her having more willpower than any of the other servants.
Maybe it was a lack of courage to say that she wanted to quit, that forced her to continue working for those ten years.
To Kinzo, who could not even trust his own blood relatives, those "excellent" servants sent from the Gospel House were the only ones he could trust.
Because of that, Kinzo would sometimes allow them to wear the family crest as servants under his direct control, and have them work close to him...
"......Err, ......um, you\'ve already been working here about ten years, was it?
 You must have saved up a lot of money by now, right?"
"I don\'t know, really...
 It\'s not like there\'s anything in particular I\'d like to buy...
 And just because you have a few million yen doesn\'t mean you have enough to live the rest of your life with..."
"So you haven\'t been working here trying to reach a target sum?"
".........N-...no, I haven\'t.
 ......I have nowhere to go outside of this mansion.
 ......I have been getting along well with Milady and the other young servants, too...
 ......I am sometimes scolded by Madam, but, ......caring for the rose garden and cleaning the mansion is fun..."
"But that isn\'t your life,
 ......Sayo ()-chan."
".........Umm..."
Shannon cast her eyes downwards when she heard her real name...
She understood what George was trying to say and closed her mouth.
"Even after becoming an adult and a full-fledged member of society, I\'ve been studying and I\'ve learned something.
 ......A human\'s life is not as monotonous or as short as we thought when we were kids."
That horrifying thought that everyone has in their student years.
......Will the rest of my life be like a monotonous, boring, sleep-inducing after-school class,
 where I endlessly, lazily while away the time, until finally, it ends, without anything interesting ever happening...
However, these thoughts only arise while a person is still an underage student.
Compared to a human\'s life, the time they spend as a student is nothing more than a blink of the eye - just the period before they break out of their shells, and cast off their immaturity.
The inside of the shell might be a hot, suffocating and boring world,
 but the world beyond that shell is vast and filled with limitless possibilities.
"So far, your life has been spent only within a shell called Shannon.
 Aren\'t you making the mistake of thinking that your life will always continue like this?"
"That is...... ...
 ....................."
Shannon couldn\'t deny those words.
...She hadn\'t been able to find any concrete issues with her way of life,
 and since she\'d never had any desire or goal to change herself in any particular way, she had continued her life idly.
...And if she were asked whether her life was already fulfilled,
 ...she wouldn\'t necessarily have been able to nod......
That may have been a truth she was deliberately averting her eyes from.
...As long as George did not realize that truth, she would have continued pretending not to notice, as her real life slipped away, neglected, bit by bit...
"......George-sama.
 ............Is it wrong for me to...
......continue...living this way?"
"It\'s wrong.
 Ah, and by the way, didn\'t you break one of the rules just now?"
George immediately gave a strict answer, and then broke out into a mischievous smile.
Shannon already knew what she was being chided for, ...and it seemed that it embarrassed her, as she hung her head.
"Didn\'t you promise not to use "sama" when the two of us are alone...?"
".........I, ......I can\'t obey that as a promise.
 .........But, if it was an order, I would have to obey it...
 Because I\'m............furniture."
"Then it\'s an order."
"Err,
 ...............yes.
 ......Certainly,
 ...George-san."
As Shannon hung her head, her face red, she said George\'s name again, this time using "san"...
"Yes, that\'s better, Sayo-chan."
A smile rose to George\'s face praising Shannon\'s, no, Sayo\'s small act of bravery.
The way they talked with each other gave off the sense that their relationship had already been ongoing for some time...
For a long while, as if the weather raging around them didn\'t even enter their consciousness,
 the two of them talked about the many memories they\'d built during their relationship that no one else knew about.
Every once in a while, a flash of lightning would attempt to dampen the mood, but it could not sully these moments, which seemed to flush even the roses outside a deeper shade of red...
"...............Oh, ...oh yes.
 ...I have...something I wanted to show you."
"......Wh-......what could it be?"
George, who had been speaking eloquently, suddenly started to stutter.
From his manner, Shannon too understood something.
George timidly searched through his pocket for it.
It got caught deep in his pocket somehow, and came out somewhat slowly and awkwardly, in the same manner as his speech.
It was a very small box.
 A small box covered in a deep blue velvet.
...Its characteristic shape was enough to make anyone realize what was resting inside.
Shannon had been preparing her heart a little, sure of what it must be.
But even so, when she actually saw it, she couldn\'t avoid blushing once more...
George opened the small box, took it out...and held it out for Shannon to take.
"I want you to accept this."
"I, .........I can\'t accept something so valuable...!"
"......You can\'t accept it...?"
"Tha-...that\'s not...
 I meant...
 .........Something like that...
...is too...
......goo-good...for me........."
"Sayo.
 This is not a request.
 ......It\'s an order, okay?
 Accept this ring.
 ...Okay?"
"Ha......u...
 I, ......I can\'t...
......disobey an order..."
"Yes, that\'s right.
 ...Good girl."
Shannon, not wanting to show her bright red face, timidly accepted the ring from George\'s hand while still staring at the ground...
That ring wasn\'t a simple accessory.
......It was a noble object, which since ancient times was meant to be offered to a special woman, with a special meaning.
...So, while George could order her to take it, he could not order anything beyond that.
Anything beyond that would depend, not on an order, but on Shannon\'s, no, Sayo\'s own will.
"So, from here on it\'s no longer an order.
 .........Sayo.
 I want you to answer me tomorrow, without using words.
 ...............Do you understand?"
"...Err, ............h-...how........."
"I won\'t order you any more, so this isn\'t an order.
 ......But a ring is something you put on your finger.
 ......If you like it, you can just put it on any finger that you choose."
Shannon had only pretended not to know.
She had already understood what he wanted her to do.
...But she was standing at a huge crossroads of her life...
"......Look how late it\'s gotten.
 Let\'s call it a night."
George faced away from Shannon, seeming slightly uncomfortable.
"It might be possible for me to order you to put it onto a finger of your left hand.
 You, too, might be timid and dependent enough to actually obey that kind of an order.
 ......But I want you to do this very last part of your own will, ...Sayo.
 ...You understand, right?"
"............Y-
.........yes."
"So, ...that\'s my order.
 .........I want you to think about it well tonight and show me your answer tomorrow."
"....................."
Shannon nodded back.
......Today was the culmination of their long relationship.
...This moment had not come as any surprise to Shannon...
".........We should be getting back to the guesthouse soon.
 If we take any longer, we\'ll make everyone worry about us."
"......Ah,
 ......err...
 ...I\'m sorry, I...!
 Um, I just remembered something I had to do in the mansion, so,
 ...um,
 ......I have to go back to the mansion..."
"Something this late?
 .........Really?"
George stared into Shannon\'s face as he laughed mischievously.
He had seen through that obvious lie of Shannon\'s.
......But, imagining how she felt, it wasn\'t as if he couldn\'t understand her embarrassment and why she might ask to be alone.
And so George, having understood Shannon\'s lie and all that was behind it, allowed her to leave.
