Lunch had ended, and the servants had removed the tableware, and were now in the kitchen.
The wind and rain had neither weakened nor strengthened, and the island remained cut off from the outside world.
It seemed that, at first, Natsuhi had planned not to let anyone set one foot outside the room,
 but when it came time to prepare lunch, she finally realized that this was impossible.
However, in order to avoid having anyone alone in the kitchen, she told the three servants to go together.
Because of that, the servants were the first ones given the right to leave the stuffy parlor, which had been packed with eleven people.
......Since breakfast had immediately followed that terrible incident,
 and many of them hadn\'t eaten much, everyone tore into their lunches in silence.
"I will wash the dishes, so you can rest a while, Genji‐san, Kanon‐kun.
 ...Do you want something to drink?"
".........Nothing for me.
 .........Kanon?"
"......Nothing for me either."
"You two must have been so busy, and so early in the morning...
 It\'s no wonder you\'re worn out..."
The only sound was that of Kumasawa washing the dishes, which resounded throughout the kitchen.
Genji and Kanon sat in some chairs a short distance away, their eyes lightly closed.
Just as Kumasawa had said, those two had probably built up a great deal of fatigue.
But that didn\'t mean they could let it show in front of the relatives.
...Avoiding that was one of their virtues.
After the silence had continued for some time,
 .........Kanon opened his mouth and muttered.
"...............Shannon...
 ...............Why...did she have to die in such a horrible way...?"
"......Forget about how she died.
 .........It was nothing more than...bad luck."
".........You\'re right.
 ...It was nothing more than bad luck..."
They both fell silent once again.
 ...Kanon\'s expression was filled with grief.
"To think that Shannon‐chan\'s actually dead...
 I still can\'t believe it.
 ......Poor, poor Shannon‐chan...
 ......Not being able to meet her again feels like a lie...
 I just wanted to see that girl\'s smiling face one more time..."
Kumasawa spoke with her back facing them.
...Kumasawa hadn\'t seen Shannon\'s corpse,
 so she had no trouble mentioning Shannon\'s face.
...When Kanon heard those words, it reminded him again of how only half of Shannon\'s face had been left, and his grieving expression twisted even further...
".........Why did BEATRICE‐sama do that to Shannon...?
 ......If she wanted a sacrifice, there were plenty of others to choose from...
 ......Why... ......Why...?!"
".........It was nothing more than bad luck.
 ...If chance had fallen even slightly differently, it could have been me or you lying out there."
"Or even someone else.
 ......Everything is left to fate."
"Genji‐sama.
 .........You said that the door to Madam\'s room was stained with traces of something like blood, right...?
 The same substance that was painted on the shutter?"
"......Yes.
 ...It was an unpleasant mark.
 Almost as though someone with blood‐stained fingers had been trying to pull out the doorknob,
 ...no, scratch through the door...
 ...That sort of unpleasant mark."
"So does this mean that...BEATRICE‐sama came to visit Madam\'s room,
 ......and tried to open the door, but...
couldn\'t...?
 Is that what this means...?"
Genji thought back to the time he had seen those traces of blood on the door to Natsuhi\'s room...
With the substance sticking to the door around the doorknob, and the marks of something scratching against the door...
it had definitely appeared as though someone had tried to open the door,
 but couldn\'t...
"...Why...
......was Madam not chosen as a sacrifice...?
 If only she had been chosen,
 ......Shannon wouldn\'t,
 ......Shannon wouldn\'t have had to die..."
Just then, a loud, sharp noise resounded from the hall.
Both of them turned around, surprised.
"........................Sounds like a pretty interesting discussion you\'re having.
 Let me join in too."
Battler was standing in the doorway to the kitchen.
"......Battler‐sama.
 Please, excuse me..."
Genji‐san and Kanon‐kun stood up, surprised, and hastily bowed.
...But I didn\'t care about stuff like that.
I was more concerned with continuing their discussion.
"I told them I was going to the bathroom, so they let me go.
 I thought I\'d suffocate if I was locked up in that room any longer."
"...When I was about to come ask you for some water, I overheard something pretty interesting.
 ......You don\'t need to bow your heads or anything.
 Please, let me hear the rest."
"............That just now......wasn\'t really......"
"I\'ve been listening to you for a while.
 Don\'t try to hide it now."
"............So I\'ll ask directly.
 ...Who is this BEATRICE?
 She\'s supposed to be a witch from a kid\'s story, but it doesn\'t look that way now."
"........................"
Kanon‐kun averted his gaze.
...It was obvious that he didn\'t want to talk about this,
 ...which only made me want to ask even more.
While making an effort to smile, I grabbed the collar of his shirt.
"......If it were last night, this\'d be none of my business.
 But after this morning, everything\'s changed.
 Now that Dad and the rest have been killed, this is totally my business.
 .........I have the right to listen to this suspicious story, don\'t I...?"
I glared into Kanon‐kun\'s eyes as he still continued to look away, in apparent pain.
...Since there was a big difference in our heights, Kanon‐kun had to stand on his toes, and it looked like it hurt a bit.
"............Battler‐san...
 ...Please let go of him...
 It\'s not like Kanon‐san is really hiding anything..."
"Then you won\'t have any problem talking about it, right?
 It\'s lonely being out of the loop, get it?"
When I tried to further twist up his collar, Genji‐san cut between us and spoke.
...There was a slight sense of resignation on his face.
......It looked like he didn\'t plan on hiding anything.
".........I can talk about it.
 ......Kanon only hesitated because you might have taken it badly, Battler‐sama..."
"Hesitating isn\'t very manly, is it?
 Keeping it a secret\'s even more unpleasant."
"......Tell me about it.
 It\'s not like I have anything better to do before tomorrow comes.
 A slightly shady story might be the best way to stave off boredom."
After Genji‐san and Kanon‐kun looked at each other, they nodded as though they had decided to talk...
"......Understood.
 Please ask us anything.
 ............We will talk."
"Right.
 Then I\'ll ask."
"......Who in the world is BEATRICE?
 ...All I know is that she\'s a witch who lives in the forest of Rokkenjima.
 ...I\'ve heard that it\'s a story that Grandmother or someone invented to keep people out of the dangerous forest.
 ......Is that wrong?"
"............No, ...it isn\'t wrong.
 It\'s as you say.
 BEATRICE‐sama is a witch who dwells in the forest of Rokkenjima."
"......Battler‐sama.
 .........I don\'t expect you to believe this all of a sudden, but...
BEATRICE‐sama exists.
 ...She is a real person, the one who gave the Master a vast amount of gold and who has worked by his side for many years."
"Huh...?
 Ah, come on...
 Is Grandfather paying you to repeat everything he says...?"
I laughed like it was a joke,
 but neither Genji‐san nor Kanon‐kun laughed,
 ......not even Kumasawa baa‐chan, who avoided my eyes, flustered, and started washing the utensils.
So unfortunately, I was the only one laughing.
 ...Painfully, bitterly.
"......I see now why you warned me, Genji‐san.
 ...Anyone sane would take this badly.
 ............So you\'re saying that a person named BEATRICE actually exists?"
"......Yes.
 She has been working for the Master since before the mansion was built on this island.
 ...Most likely, she has been working for him even longer than I have."
"What do you know, Kyrie‐san\'s theory was off...
 ......Grandfather really did have a confidante called BEATRICE.
 ......And she\'s on the island now...?"
"...............Yes.
 I believe that she is here."
"...That\'s a vague way to say it.
 I guess that means you haven\'t seen her face today or yesterday."
"......Yes.
 ......It is extremely difficult to say, but...
...umm..."
Kanon‐kun once again dropped his gaze, avoiding my eyes.
"...Come on, don\'t just stop there.
 That\'s like freezing an inch before the blow!"
I urged him on jokingly.
...However, it looked like Kanon‐kun was still unsure as to whether he should speak or not.
.........Then, Kumasawa baa‐chan whispered.
"...Hoh‐hoh‐ho...
 You cannot see her face,
 .........because BEATRICE‐sama has no form..."
"............She has no...
......what?"
"BEATRICE‐sama has no body.
 ...Therefore, unless BEATRICE‐sama wishes it, common people like us are not able to see her form."
"I have heard that the portrait shows what BEATRICE‐sama looked like back when she had a human form...
 ......I hear she often lingers in front of the portrait, yearning for her old form...
 ...Hoh‐hoh‐ho..."
"BEATRICE‐sama sometimes changes her form into glittering butterflies and shows herself.
 ......On the rare occasion that you spot them somewhere in the mansion, there is a rule that you absolutely mustn\'t chase after them."
"It is whispered that you will meet with disaster if you follow them.
 ...In fact, there was a servant who broke that rule and quit because of a great injury."
"......Wait a sec, are you kidding me?
 Are you all serious about this......?"
"...Battler‐sama, BEATRICE‐sama has already arrived.
 Such language may be unwise."
"BEATRICE‐sama is not fond of those who profane her.
 ......If you doubt her existence, you will surely meet with disaster."
"Battler‐san... You probably find this story unpleasant.
 But you know what?
 BEATRICE does "exist", okay?"
"......She "exists".
 BEATRICE‐sama has an exceptional dislike of that being called into question."
"............Don\'t you understand, Battler‐sama?
 ......BEATRICE‐sama has already arrived here..."
"...Come on, quit it.
 I\'m weak against that stuff, you know...?
 You\'re freaking me out..."
However, there was no trace of a joke in the eyes of the three servants.
On the surface, I laughed and tried to look unconcerned, but I was quickly starting to sober up.
...Their eyes were also sobering up fast.
"......Battler‐san... I beg that you stop profaning BEATRICE‐sama.
 Please trust me..."
Kumasawa baa‐chan, who was usually cheerful and would always tease people,
 ......now spoke with a totally straight face that I had never known her to make.
".........W‐......well...
 Sure you say she exists...
 But I don\'t see anything...
 Are you trying to say that she\'s standing right next to me or something?
 Quit joking around..."
"Kihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihi......"
Just then, that unnerving laugh suddenly filled the kitchen...
...When I turned around, Maria was standing there by the entrance.
...But her expression and the feeling about her, her presence...felt exactly the same as the servants.
"...Whether your wavelength matches or not is determined at birth.
 Battler, you were born with a mismatched wavelength.
 That\'s why you can\'t see her,
 can\'t meet with her,
 can\'t talk to her."
"...Kihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihi.
 You\'re the type BEATRICE hates the most."
Maria\'s laugh sounded like she was greatly enjoying herself, ...yet it was extremely eerie.
......It was almost like she was laughing at me because I alone didn\'t understand.
"Do you want to know about BEATRICE?
 ............BEATRICE is a thousand‐year‐old witch.
 ......She has all the demons at her command, and can harness the power of alchemy to create the philosopher\'s stone and a vast quantity of gold.
 Grandfather built up all of the vast wealth of the Ushiromiya family by making a contract with her."
"......Yesterday, I read BEATRICE\'s letter, didn\'t I?
 That was real.
 ...Well, I guess it\'s pointless for me to try and force you to believe."
"...After all, it looks like you were born without a trace of the sixth sense.
 Kihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihi...!"
"......What are you talking about?
 Witches, demons?
 Who told you that...?"
"Kihihihihihihihihi.
 I heard it from BEATRICE herself.
 Kihihihihihihihihihihi!"
Maria kept doing that unpleasant laugh.
...However, the servants who watched over this didn\'t even blink.
She heard it from...that witch in the portrait adorning the entrance hall.
Maria kept on laughing in a weird voice, as though this was nothing more or less than the truth...
"...Maria, it might be rude to ask, but I\'ll ask one more time, okay...?
 Who gave you that letter yesterday?"
"I got it from BEATRICE. How many times must I tell you before you understand?"
"......You don\'t get it, do you?
 You can\'t see her, I know.
 You can\'t believe it, I know!
 ...Kihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihi."
Just then, Maria\'s laughter suddenly stopped.
".........Battler.
 You still can\'t tell?
 That BEATRICE "exists"."
"She "exists", you say.........but where?"
"Like I said, BEATRICE "exists", right here."
......That\'s right.
Now that I think about it, I\'ve been feeling for some time now that the others haven\'t been looking in quite the right direction.
...I\'d figured that everyone had just been gazing into the distance, but......that wasn\'t the case.
The four here—Genji‐san,
 Kanon‐kun,
 Kumasawa‐san,
 ...and Maria—
 ......everyone except me—
 ...............was looking at a spot right behind me......
Holding my breath tightly, I slowly looked over my shoulder.
...Of course, there wasn\'t anyone there.
I\'ve known that the whole time!
.........However, everyone in the room except me was focusing on that point as if there was someone there.
"BEATRICE is a great witch of gold who has lived for one thousand years.
 ......But she can\'t show her form to humans of the wrong wavelength, and she can\'t talk to them."
"...And you know what?
 She finds that really sad.
 ...That\'s why she truly despises it when people like you, who were born without a fragment of magic sensitivity, deny that she exists...!"
".........You\'re lucky, Battler.
 Good thing that I gave you that charm yesterday, right?
 Who knows what kind of curse BEATRICE would have put on you by now if you hadn\'t been carrying it around.
 ...You really are lucky, Battler.
 Kihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihi...!"
".........Right, that scorpion keyholder.
 I\'d thought that was just some cheap gift or something, but I guess it really had some benefit, then?"
"Kihihihihihihihi.
 If it weren\'t for that, you\'d be lying in that storehouse as a sacrifice with your face crushed by now.
 Kihihihihihihihihi, you\'re so lucky, Battler...!
 Kihhihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihi!"
"......I see.
 So if it weren\'t for that, I\'d have been killed by now......"
"Battler, why don\'t you believe in BEATRICE...?
 Even though she "exists".
 Right now, over there, look."
"Kihihihihihihihi!
 Hey, I\'ll bet you want to believe it now.
 Believe it.
 And thank me for giving you that charm...!"
"If it weren\'t for that, you\'d be in the storehouse right now.
 But then, maybe you would have saved someone else in exchange, right?
 Kihhihihihihihihihihihi!"
Pff...!
......Right then, I burst into laughter.
Playing witches had been pretty fun up until a second ago, but unfortunately, that last one didn\'t quite hit the mark.
"Hahahahahahah.
 ......Then it\'s no goddamn good at all, is it, Maria?
 If that\'s true, then I\'m sorry, but it\'s no goddamn good at all."
When Maria saw me suddenly start laughing, she stopped.
Even though she didn\'t understand what I was laughing at, she realized it wouldn\'t be pleasant for her.
".............................."
"I thought it might hurt you, so I didn\'t say it earlier, but..."
"......Although I thought I\'d put that charm you gave me in my pocket,
 I must have dropped it somewhere, you see?"
"......That means the charm can\'t be the reason I\'m alive now, and even though I should have been cursed by the witch, I\'m perfectly fine.
 ......Sorry, but I don\'t believe in things I don\'t see with my own eyes."
"Sixth sense?
 Wavelengths?
 Magic sensitivity?
 Sorry, but I don\'t believe in fake stuff like that.
 When I hear the girls in class start talking about how good or bad their ability to sense the supernatural is, it pisses me off!"
"...I don\'t know how much Grandfather is paying you, but if you\'re trying to talk me into joining some cult,
 believe me, you won\'t be able to do it that easily."
"...............Battler‐sama..."
"...You guys are free to believe whatever you want.
 But when it comes to whether I believe or not,
 that is always
 for me
 to decide!"
"Sorry, but I can\'t believe in something as shady as BEATRICE until I\'ve seen her with my own eyes...!!"
I spoke forcefully and sharply...
When I did, Maria started cackling again.
"Kihhihihihihihihihihihihi...!
 Well that\'s just fine, isn\'t it...?
 Eventually, even people like you with totally mismatched wavelengths will be able to see BEATRICE."
".........Very soon, she will revive.
 BEATRICE will revive.
 ......Once that happens, she\'s promised to talk with me and play with me a lot."
"...There\'s neither a need to doubt nor to force yourself to believe.
 ......She will appear, very soon.
 Kihihihihihihihihihi...!"
Some people usually head to the bathroom after a meal; others prefer to take a short nap.
It seemed that several people had gone out of the parlor, just like I did when I went to the kitchen to drink some water.
In the end, Aunt Natsuhi\'s order to keep everyone packed together in the parlor was reluctantly withdrawn, under the conditions that:
 no one was to be on their own,
 and no one was to go far from the parlor.
After all, if eleven people are shut up in the same room starting early in the morning, the air will start to stagnate.
...And now that a little time had passed,
 everyone had started to recover from the shock of that morning—maybe their sense of danger was weakening over time, too.
......However, it was a certain fact that six people had been killed inside this mansion,
 so no one was completely negligent.
So when they went out into the hallway for a breath of fresh air, trying to act tough,
 ......they would get scared of standing there, isolated, and would end up returning to the parlor.
...Like that fable.
 You know, "The North Wind and the Sun".
If you force someone to stay shut in, they\'ll resist, but if you tell them to do whatever they want, they\'ll come back, obediently.
People sure are hypocrites.
.........When the servants finished cleaning up from the meal,
 they returned obediently to the parlor just as Aunt Natsuhi had told them to, and sat in a sofa near the entrance, patiently awaiting orders.
Maria, almost as though she had suddenly finished playing witches,
 had returned to the pure Maria I knew well, saying "uu‐uu".
...What in the world was that back there?
.........I hadn\'t felt even an atom of the presence of this person called BEATRICE, supposedly standing behind me, invisible.
...However, it felt like, inside Maria, I could catch a glimpse of a little of that presence...
"You\'re right.
 When Maria‐chan starts talking about witches, she changes.
 ...Battler‐kun, you also saw it down by the beach yesterday, right?"
"You mean when she gave me that scorpion keyholder?
 ...No, I don\'t mean like when her feelings were hurt,
 I\'m talking about when she looked like she had, you know, a dual personality."
"Aah, that happens sometimes too.
 ......Just like when Maria started talking about the magic circle, not very often, but it happens.
 It\'s freaky though."
Apparently, according to Jessica, the "Kihihihihihi" laughing Maria shows up every now and then.
This was just bad timing, and furthermore, it was the first time I\'d seen it, so it really shocked me...
"So what is that?
 Does Maria have a dual personality or something?
 Or are you saying that her spiritual sense really is that strong, and she gets possessed by stuff like that?"
"...No, I don\'t think it\'s that.
 Didn\'t you ever experience it?
 A desire to be someone other than yourself, when you were small."
Right when humans are born, no one has any individuality.
However, when they reach their growth period, and their sense of self starts to be born, they start to gain a sense of individuality.
They want to be different from other people.
...But of course, they will find that they\'re no different from the others in their class,
 since they are learning the same thing in school and forced into the same lifestyle.
When they realize that, they start off by breaking the rules, in what\'s called the rebellious age.
Since everyone follows the rules, they want to show off their individuality by breaking them.
...Even those who call everyone around them babies and stir up trouble...
are just cute kids searching for themselves when you look at them this way.
......Well, I\'m lecturing about all this like I\'m so smart, but I actually got it second‐hand from George‐aniki.
I myself was one of those embarrassing guys who thought it was cool to act like a little bastard...
Well, that was when I was the age where you try standing out for the opposite sex.
"At the very foundation of the growing period is an impulse to escape from being a kid, much the same as a chick trying to crack the shell of their egg.
 Do you know what the difference between a child and an adult is?"
"Age?
 Or physique?"
"No, it\'s experience.
 Adults look down on children because children have very little life experience.
 The reason they snort and look down on children whenever they say anything is because children don\'t know anything about the world."
"Yeah, I know what you mean.
 When you\'re a kid, you try to say things like you\'ve got life all figured out, and try to act like an adult.
 ...No matter what a kid says, adults will just snort at them because they\'re too naive or because they\'d "understand once they grew up" or something."
"...Well, it\'s probably true, but to a kid, it\'s just annoying, like they\'re being looked down upon."
"......I get it.
 It\'s about whether they have knowledge and experience.
 ...You\'re right, you don\'t earn respect just by becoming old and not achieving anything."
"Therefore, what we have is: a period where they have the impulse to escape from being a kid; and also, they want to have individuality, different from other people.
 If what separates kids and adults is knowledge and experience, then...?"
"............I get it, if they know something that no one else knows, that\'s one way to form an identity."
"When you\'re in, like, elementary school, if you knew stuff no one else knew,
 had stuff no one else had, wore stuff no one else wore, you could become a bit of a hero for it.
 I bet you did the same thing, Battler."
"Yeah, yeah.
 There was definitely an age when I wanted to excel in something.
 ...I see, that was because I was trying to separate myself from being a child, my growing period."
"If you look at it in a good way, the growing period, by forcing you to separate yourself from others, pushes you to gain skills and knowledge that no one else has."
"...This is also interesting from a sociological standpoint.
 Because people hate being like everyone else, they try to learn skills that other people don\'t know.
 In this way, society can acquire the broad range of skills it needs to survive.
 ...The quality of the gods\' programming is truly surprising."
"Well, individual personalities can also be negative, right?
 Like saying, everyone else in the class is studying hard, so I\'ll slack off so I stick out."
...That was actually me.
It was only recently that I\'d finally been able to feel thankful towards that middle school teacher who had slapped me after school.
"But, well, I did have those desires to jump over the vaulting box that no one else could,
 or sprint as fast as I could trying to lap those guys with good grades when we did a marathon."
"...It was in my nature that, if I couldn\'t study well, then at least I could get back at them by exercising.
 ......I get it, I really went all out during my growing period."
"I guess boys do tend to focus more on physical things."
"But you know? Girls of the same age tend to focus more on emotional things.
 ......I\'ll bet there were groups of girls in your classes that were really interested in like, fortune telling and their spiritual senses."
"Yeah, yeah! There was, there was!
 They\'d come over, asking me for my sign and my blood type! And then they\'d laugh, "Aah, I thought so, *giggle*giggle*!"
 It really got on my nerves."
"No matter which class you go to, girls like fortune telling.
 There was always a group that went on about spirit senses being strong or weak, or "sensitivity", or seeing things that can\'t be seen."
"That\'s because fortune telling and spiritual senses are things that aren\'t taught in school.
 To girls, who unlike guys are more introverted,
 that\'s a genre which is easy to build an identity upon, and one that they find very interesting."
"Just like when boys enter their growing period, and start acting tough and rebelling against adults,
 when girls enter their growing period, they start getting interested in that kind of thing instead.
 ......Well, not me though!"
"......So Maria having so much interest in the occult isn\'t that rare among girls her age?"
...Even if you accept that, ...I wonder if it explains that creepy dual personality thing...
............Well, I think I can accept it vaguely.
"As I said before, becoming an adult means gaining knowledge and experience.
 So kids must study various things so that they can gain knowledge and truly awaken."
"...There is a specific kind of fantasy useful for this, which is and has always been prolific in the world of children.
 Do you know what that is?"
"You see it all the time in manga and anime, right?
 You know.
 Like, memories coming back to you from a former life.
 Or like, channeling the soul of the great whatever."
"Ah, there\'s also sleeping genes awakening,
 or sealed powers or memories returning...there\'s a lot of versions.
 For some reason, those kinds of things are really popular at that age.
 ...Why\'s that?"
"All of those examples you\'ve just mentioned are fantasies by which children can immediately add knowledge and experience to their childhood selves.
 Even a nine‐year‐old girl simply has to say that she has a thousand‐year‐old witch possessing her,
 and she can gain a 1009‐year‐old identity."
"So what you\'re saying is that for people who think studying is annoying,
 but want to learn different skills from everyone else and brag about it, and get attention from it, it\'s a convenient delusion."
So you can brag about something without having to work hard or study.
......I see, isn\'t that a kid\'s greatest dream?
"Furthermore, their ideal self image is always self‐projected onto their desires to escape from being a kid,
 and it\'s not rare for that desired form to become established as an alternate personality."
"Even you, Battler‐kun, I\'m sure your character is a little different at home and at school, right?
 It would probably be embarrassing if anyone at school saw how you were at home.
 At school, you try to project yourself as you want to be, but home is where you are your true self."
".........So, in other words, I\'m changing my character for different situations.
 ......Are you trying to say that having multiple personalities is actually really common?"
"A girl who is a fan of the occult might say that she\'s being possessed, or has awakened.
 Honestly, there are some kids who can change their personalities so drastically, it can change your whole opinion of them."
"......Even some boys, right?
 Guys who just blow their top and get violent over nothing.
 I bet they think it\'s pretty cool, but it\'s painful to watch."
"So let\'s sum this all up.
 ...Girls of about Maria\'s age, even if they show a creepy second personality like she did a minute ago,
 you\'re saying that\'s not such a rare thing...?"
"If you bring it all together simply, that\'s what it means.
 ...Identity is an important thing used to build up one\'s sense of self.
 If you make fun of that, it could actually cause children to go back into their shell."
"So it\'s important to go along with them to some degree.
 ...Although to accept it completely requires the tolerance of a parent."
"......Aniki, I can\'t believe you aren\'t married...
 You sound like you\'ve already raised kids through middle school.
 .........Then, I wonder if Auntie Rosa also knew much about Maria\'s dual personality."
"She knew.
 .........Just between us, Auntie Rosa couldn\'t friggin\' stand it.
 She said it was creepy, and it was just making Maria more and more separated from the rest of the class."
"So any time Maria started talking about the occult or laughing like a witch, she\'d slap her.
 ...And it looks like Maria stopped talking that way in front of her."
.........Maybe it was just a little game, from a girl facing her growing period,
 ...that thing that had happened back there.
Just a girl trying to show that she was different and independent by holding interest in witches and the occult.
...And since she wanted to have another side to herself that wasn\'t infantile, she was switching between her normal personality and the personality of her ideal, a witch.
.........In the beginning, I had found that very disturbing,
 but after George‐aniki\'s lecture, it felt like this was a path that everyone walked down at one time or another.
......I haven\'t told anyone, but when I was in kindergarten,
 I joined up with a little gang of kids trying to form a Earth Defense Force, saying we\'d help protect peace on earth.
My face turns red when I remember how, during what we called battle practice, we would chant "EDF! EDF!"...
Just like usual, Maria was relaxing,
 immersed in the TV, "uu‐uu"ing and laughing just like any girl her age.
......But on the inside, another personality, that of the ideal witch that she admired and blindly accepted, was sleeping.
But that wasn\'t anything extraordinary; it was perfectly natural for a girl of her age...
............I calmed down a little.
I had started to recover from the shock of my bizarre experience in the kitchen.
...If I hadn\'t talked to Aniki and Jessica, I might still have been frightened by the idea that an invisible witch was standing right behind me.
...However, ......can I really accept that as an explanation of what happened back there?
If it had just been Maria, I could have explained it as the fickle fantasies of a growing girl.
...But Genji‐san, Kanon‐kun, and Kumasawa baa‐chan had also been there.
None of them had denied what Maria said.
.........They had silently accepted that BEATRICE "exists".
I was starting to feel a little uneasy...
Auntie Eva had claimed that no 19th person exists,
 saying that someone within the family had committed the crime in connection with their messy quarrel.
On the other hand, Aunt Natsuhi had claimed that the culprit was hiding somewhere outside the mansion.
That meant that she was denying that the crime had been committed by one of us, and accepting that a 19th person exists.
And in the kitchen, Maria and the servants had agreed that a 19th person exists.
But according to them, this 19th person isn\'t human.
......They had said that it was an invisible witch, plotting something mysterious.
Is there a 19th person, or not?
And is the culprit a human, or a witch?
For some reason, I couldn\'t just laugh off any of the possibilities.
...Not even the most ridiculous one about the witch.
"......Jessica,
 all I know about the story of the witch is that it was a story made by the adults to keep the kids too scared to enter the forest, but...
...is it different here in the mansion...?"
"............Hmmm...
 I\'m with you on this."
"I think it was just a dumb ghost story made by the parents so their kids would listen to them.
 ......But I can\'t deny that the atmosphere inside the mansion makes it a little hard to say it out loud..."
"......Because Grandfather has proclaimed that BEATRICE does exist.
 And because of their position, the servants can\'t doubt that.
 Jessica\'s mother and father don\'t want to get into a fight with him either, so on the surface, they go along with it."
"......So you could probably say that, inside this mansion, doubting the existence of BEATRICE is a kind of taboo.
 Unlike the rest of us, who only come here once a year.
 ......Is that right?"
Jessica puffed out air in admiration...
It looked like Aniki had guessed right.
"......You\'ve got it totally.
 No one really believes it on the inside.
 ...But on the outside, they accept she exists."
"See, it\'s just like the way some people are about gods.
 Even if you know there\'s actually no such thing, it feels rude to actually say that out loud..."
"......How do you think the servants feel about it amongst themselves?
 Is it true that, since Grandfather who employs them says she "exists", they have to go along with it...?"
"Well...
 I don\'t really know the details,
 ......but between the servants, the story about BEATRICE has been treated a bit like a ghost story."
"...Remember yesterday, when Shannon was talking to us down by the beach?
 About how they saw unsettling things while doing the rounds in the mansion at night."
She had said something like that, hadn\'t she...
Back then, I didn\'t give it much thought, assuming she was just going along with the displeased Maria,
 ...but now that I think about it, she did say that, and completely seriously.
......That\'s right.
 She definitely said it.
...She definitely said the same kind of thing that Genji‐san and the rest had all unanimously declared back in the kitchen...
"In addition, some servants have also seen will‐o\'‐the‐wisps and glittering butterflies dancing around.
 ......Kanon‐kun also said he saw something like that when he went patrolling one night."
"And recently, the servants have been talking about strange footsteps inside the mansion near midnight.
 We have whispered together that the BEATRICE‐sama from the portrait sometimes walks through the mansion invisible."
"...It happened a long time ago, but I have also heard those kinds of footsteps while patrolling at night."
......That\'s right.
 She definitely said that.
Exactly the same thing that I had been told just now.
"Ah, ...but, there\'s nothing to be afraid of, you know?
 BEATRICE‐sama is another ruler of this mansion separate from the Master.
 So, she won\'t do anything bad, as long as you respect her and don\'t act oddly afraid."
"However, she\'s fearsome if you don\'t respect her, right?"
"...Yes.
 I heard that someone who quit just before I began working, after falling down the stairs and receiving a large injury to their back,
 had been speaking badly of BEATRICE‐sama.
 Because of that, there was a rumor between the servants that BEATRICE‐sama\'s anger had been brought down upon this person..."
"......If you don\'t respect her, her anger will be brought down upon you, and you will be injured.
 ...So, to the servants, BEATRICE\'s existence...
is just as credible as the story that, if you pull pranks on Inari‐san, you will be cursed by the kitsune."
Of course, even though everyone accepts that curses and the like don\'t exist in the modern era,
 ...people are still afraid and still have a little respect for them.
You see it a lot even in residential areas, such as when someone is building a house, and they call a Shinto priest for a ceremony to honor the god of that plot of land.
...You might think that\'s just a big waste of time and money,
 but the workers say that a big accident will occur if they don\'t do it, so they apparently never neglect the procedure.
You also hear about how, if an Inari shrine is carelessly removed during a town replanning,
 there would be a curse by Kitsune‐sama.
I think I might have read somewhere that when the occupying forces were trying to expand an airport, and had to remove an Inari‐san that was in the way,
 all of the workers were suddenly taken out by some mysterious fever.
Even in modern cities like Tokyo,
 it isn\'t rare to see modern buildings packed all around an old Inari shrine, leaving the shrine itself untouched.
And this isn\'t limited to Japan.
It\'s probably similar to how people baptize babies.
If I remember correctly, by the Christian doctrine,
 unbaptized souls, though their sin is the lightest, still fulfill the conditions for going to hell.
Putting water on a child\'s forehead doesn\'t do anything but make them cry.
But if a parent can prevent their child from going to hell with just that little effort, they will happily go through with that ceremony.
......In short, even in this modern society of reason,
 we are still unable to throw away every trace of belief and fear.
...You could say that it\'s a passive acceptance of the supernatural.
Maybe the only difference on this island was that BEATRICE was the name that was respected here...
"...So, in other words,
 if anything happens that doesn\'t seem explainable in human terms, it\'s called the work of BEATRICE."
".........I think Shannon‐chan was talking about it.
 About windows and doors that had definitely been properly shut or locked being open the next time they were checked.
 Lights that had been off being on, and lights that had been on being off."
"......And, if I remember right, Jessica, you used to joke that it was BEATRICE\'s doing that you couldn\'t find your bag sometimes when you went to leave in the morning, right?"
"Good memory.
 ...Normally, you\'d say a fairy took them, but on this island, it\'s BEATRICE.
 Man, what a stupid story."
"This mansion has been standing for about thirty years by now, hasn\'t it?
 It\'s natural for things that old to get their fair share of ghost and occult stories.
 Like the seven mysteries at a school."
"...............So here...
is where we "flip over the chessboard"."
"Huh?"
".........Basically, on this island, there\'s a rule that BEATRICE can be blamed for anything that couldn\'t have been done by humans.
 Anything that the humans can\'t do.
 ......How many humans are there?
 There\'s 18."
"............In other words, the culprit is modelling things after this rule, trying to make it appear that this crime was the work of the witch.
 In short, they desperately want to claim this as the doing of a 19th person."
"............I don\'t like it.
 I really don\'t like it."
"What don\'t you like...?"
"............Just assume that an invisible 19th person existed, and that this person wanted to make it known that they existed.
 ......If it were me, I\'d do it with more perfect timing."
"......What do you mean by perfect timing?"
"...Well.
 After all, the crime took place after midnight while it was still dark, right?
 People were talking together until midnight, some people had the night shift, and some people had returned to their rooms and were sleeping."
"...Everyone\'s alibi is really vague, and there\'s plenty of room to suspect that the crime was committed by one of us.
 George‐aniki, Auntie Eva probably told you too, right?
 That there\'s a good chance that one of us is the culprit?"
"...mh......yes.
 ...I guess."
"......In other words, if the 19th person really existed and wanted to show themselves, this first crime was a complete failure."
"...No, in the first place, the timing was a mistake.
 If this invisible 19th person really wanted to show themselves,
 they had to make sure that the crime took place under conditions which proved that the remaining twelve people were all innocent."
"Unless there are no suspicious humans, they can\'t prove that they exist.
 So by killing them in the middle of the night, when everyone\'s alibi was at its most ambiguous,
 whether or not this 19th person exists was also at its most ambiguous.
 Even so, they chose that time to commit the crime."
"......By committing the crime then, it\'s obvious that one of the 18 would be suspected.
 ...Yet they took the name of the witch and handed Maria the letter, and everyone denies doing it."
"In other words, ......you\'re trying to say that one of the 18 is trying to make it look like a 19th person called BEATRICE exists...?"
"That\'s pretty crazy......
 ...I think my mom\'s theory that someone is hiding outside the mansion is a little more credible...
 ...Battler, don\'t tell me you actually suspect that someone in this room is the culprit...?"
"Yeah.
 ...Someone trying to force us to accept that BEATRICE exists.
 ......That\'s right, the letter last night is when this whole thing started.
 ...I don\'t have any basis or proof, but..."
"......With the chessboard upside‐down, this is my best guess."
"......Seriously, that\'s too crazy...
 Haven\'t you been reading too many weird detective novels...?"
"But it does hit on a point that we can\'t ignore.
 ......Whether there\'s a 19th person or not,
 the culprit is definitely planning something based around that rule about this island."
"......Just now, listening to Battler‐kun talk, I remembered something that\'s a little disturbing."
"Something disturbing...?"
"Yes.
 ......Do you remember?
 BEATRICE\'s letter.
 ......It said that BEATRICE was going to collect interest.
 And as for what that interest is, it said: everything of the Ushiromiya family."
Jessica and I thought back on what Maria had read aloud the previous night...
"...It said that.
 It definitely said that.
 That the collecting of the interest would now take place, but if the riddle of the gold could be solved, she would lose that right."
"...Grandfather was granted the gold, and the Ushiromiya house prospered.
 Basically, BEATRICE is saying that everything he birthed from that gold counts as interest.
 ......In other words—"
".........That\'s pretty scary for a joke, Aniki...
 ......Don\'t tell me that everything of the Ushiromiya family—
in other words, everything that Grandfather gave birth to—
refers to everyone with Grandfather\'s blood flowing through their veins...?!"
"If you read the letter that way,
 ...these murders are just BEATRICE legitimately collecting interest.
 ...If that\'s the case, these crimes will continue.
 ...Because the collection of interest is still only halfway completed."
George turned around, looking over the parlor.
......There were still many people who held the name Ushiromiya.
And we knew that, since Gohda‐san and Shannon‐chan had been killed,
 not even the servants, who didn\'t bear the name Ushiromiya, would be spared...
"A‐...are we...
......all gonna be killed...?"
"...But that\'s weird, George nii‐san!
 Why only six people, then?
 They could have killed a lot more.
 In the worst case, it might even have been possible for them to assault us all while we were sleeping and kill everyone in a single night.
 Why didn\'t they do that?!"
"............The special clause.
 ...If someone managed to solve the riddle of the gold, the right to the interest would be lost.
 ......And remember how the very last part of the letter concluded?
 ...It said for everyone to try to solve the riddle of Grandfather\'s gold."
"Jesus...!
 ......It looks like we\'re finally getting close to understanding the culprit\'s message...
 In other words, the culprit is telling us to try and solve the riddle on that epitaph Grandfather had made.
 ......Furthermore, they\'re saying that if we just sit around, they\'ll keep collecting the interest..."
I realized that this was all based on several crazy guesses.
......But not everything that happens in this world is joined together in a perfect line.
...Most unknown phenomena are nothing but individual points.
......By joining them together into lines, we deepen our understanding.
The closer together the points at the ends of those lines are, the more logical it is, and the easier to understand.
...And the farther away they are, the more it lacks those qualities.
That is why we use a distance analogy, and call such theories "way out there".
...However, if you can only join up to a small, limited distance away, we call it having a "limited imagination".
Is imagination different from reasoning?
Was I just trying to force everything that I knew about the case to fit my simple imagination?
No, that\'s not it.
When you\'re searching around with your hands in the dark, that search is imagination.
Only imagination can find the two points you should connect together.
...Reasoning is nothing more than the action of drawing the line between them.
If you can\'t imagine, you can\'t reason.
......What I was doing might be "out there"...but it shouldn\'t be wrong, either.
Only the power of imagination can pull out a clue from the darkness.
......And the power of reasoning ties those clues together.
...It\'s a lot like the process of searching out an enemy\'s weak spot and striking.
It\'s alright if it\'s crazy.
Find the weak point first.
Then we can think about how to strike!
Now was the time to find the points that we could tie together later...!
For the time being, I put aside whether a 19th person exists,
 and announced the theory that the goal of the culprit might have been to make us solve the riddle of the epitaph.
Uncle Hideyoshi looked like he was really interested, but Aunt Natsuhi thought it was ridiculous.
"Of course.
 If you think about it that way, even that letter from yesterday makes sense.
 That motive seems to fit pretty well with the facts...!
 Settin\' aside whoever it was that gave Maria‐chan the letter."
"Uu!
 BEATRICE exists!!
 Uu."
Even though she was puffing up her cheeks in that cute way she had been doing since yesterday, ...I couldn\'t think of it as cute.
...If I took it lightly, it might suddenly transform into a creepy laugh...
"...The hidden gold doesn\'t exist.
 However, the idea that we have a culprit who foolishly believes otherwise, wants Father\'s gold,
 and whose motive is to make us solve the riddle and then steal the gold from us, does indeed make some sense."
"However, in that case, why did they kill those most highly ranked in the Ushiromiya family first?"
".........A good point.
 If they wanted to make us solve the riddle, killing those closest to Kinzo‐san doesn\'t sound like a good plan to me."
"I agree...
 Besides, if we follow that argument, wouldn\'t it have been quicker if they had threatened Father in the first place?
 You\'d think it would be faster to just ask the person who wrote it, rather than try to force us to solve it."
"That\'s also a good point.
 ...\'Course, I don\'t think that Father would let it slip from any ordinary threat."
"Anyone who knows Kinzo‐san well would surely be well aware that he won\'t bow to ordinary threats..."
"......He is the man who bears the burden of the Ushiromiya family and all its wealth.
 He has been exposed to many threats and attacks in the past.
 It is because he was able to overcome them that the family prospers today."
"Totally agreed on that.
 I can\'t imagine our grandfather letting himself get pushed around just \'cause some asshole threatened him!"
"...Jessica, that is not how we talk."
"............u...
......yes."
"In that case, .........what about this one?
 ......No wait, is this "out there" as well...?"
...I couldn\'t hesitate!
 A crazy idea is like a bow and arrow.
...It might be hard to hit with, but it\'s a great weapon that can strike enemies from afar.
......Research shows that most people who have died in battles were killed by wounds from arrows.
......In a battle, you don\'t shoot off just one arrow.
You shoot off a whole bunch of arrows at once, and assault the enemy soldiers with a wall of them.
......So shoot them, over and over!
 "Assault the truth with a wall...!"
"If the culprit is after the hidden gold, it would be very inefficient for them to force us to solve the riddle.
 Asking the person who made it in the first place would be much quicker and easier."
".........In that case, the question is,
 ...is this all a message directed at Grandfather?"
In other words, these murders were a threat directed at Grandfather.
......If he didn\'t tell the culprit where the gold was, his family members would be killed off one by one.
What if we weren\'t the only ones being forced to solve this riddle...
 ...What if Grandfather was too?!
If you think about it that way, it explained Grandfather\'s mysterious disappearance.
If the culprit had attacked Grandfather, then judging by the state the six bodies were left in,
 he would definitely have been displayed somewhere with that horrible makeup added.
But despite that, we still hadn\'t found him.
 ......Did that mean that Grandfather had been kidnapped, and was being held somewhere?!
".........How could...
 .........You aren\'t saying, how could......!"
"*giggle*giggle*.
 That sounds interesting.
 ...So Father is being confined somewhere,
 and being threatened that if he doesn\'t tell them the location of the gold, we will be killed off one by one?"
"I struggle to understand what you find interesting about that...!"
Aunt Natsuhi threatened her, but Auntie Eva just smiled calmly.
"......Since we still haven\'t seen him after all this time, I think that it\'s almost certain that Grandfather has gotten caught up in the crime.
 When you think about that, you can\'t just ignore Battler‐kun\'s theory, right...?"
"Stay quiet, George.
 ......In the first place, when exactly was it that Father went missing?"
"...Who was the last one to see Father?"
".........It was probably me.
 This morning, when we were worried that we didn\'t know where my husband and the rest were, we were talking about how they might be in Father\'s study,
 and I went to check his room and greeted him."
".........Come to think of it, I\'ve been holding the key to his study the whole time, haven\'t I.
 Genji, let me return this to you."
Aunt Natsuhi pulled out the gold key and handed it to Genji‐san...
Looking at the key, Auntie Eva giggled...
"...Hey, Genji‐san.
 I\'m sure the police will inspect Father\'s room thoroughly anyway.
 ...It doesn\'t matter what you hide, it will just be exposed anyway.
 ......So you might as well just tell us about it right here, right now, don\'t you think?"
"............What are you talking about?"
"It\'s simple.
 .........Don\'t forget, Father\'s study is a locked room, with no way in or out except for that key.
 I want to double‐check how that\'s being defined.
 There is one entrance to Father\'s study.
 And also the windows?
 Any other entrances or exits?"
"............There are none.
 There is no way to get in except for the entrance."
"You\'re sure about that?
 There isn\'t some secret hidden door or anything?
 ......Since Father isn\'t here, I am the highest ranked member of the Ushiromiya family.
 I am asking you as a representative of the Ushiromiya family head.
 Understand that and answer me."
"Are there any ways in or out of that room other than the main entrance?
 ......As Father\'s closest aide, I\'m sure you know."
Aunt Natsuhi looked a little offended at the part about the "highest ranked family member",
 but she kept her mouth closed for the time being, and waited for Genji\'s answer.
......I couldn\'t help but feel a little uncomfortable.
Why was she going on and on about hidden doors...??
"You too, Kanon‐kun, Kumasawa‐san—if you know, won\'t you tell me?
 If there is one, it would be better if you said it."
"...If there isn\'t, then someone is going to be very much driven into a corner in a second.
 ......If I\'m given that there is a hidden door, then my argument comes to nothing."
Auntie Eva didn\'t specify which person was about to be driven into a corner,
 ...but following the flow of the conversation, I had to feel that she was referring to Aunt Natsuhi.
"......Mother, ...what are you talking about?"
"George, stay quiet for a while.
 .........What do you say?
 Genji‐san?
 Kanon‐kun?
 And Kumasawa‐san?
 Is there a hidden door?
 Or not?
 Genji‐san, when you remodeled Father\'s study, you must have overseen the construction.
 I won\'t let you say that you don\'t know."
"............There is nothing of that nature in the Master\'s study."
"You\'re sure?
 What about Kanon‐kun, entrusted with the One‐winged Eagle?"
"......Yes.
 I\'m sure.
 ......There is nothing like a hidden door in the Master\'s study."
"Kumasawa‐san?"
"N‐......no, I haven\'t heard of such a thing..."
"What about Doctor Nanjo, who had a close relationship with Father?"
"......I, I have never heard of something like that..."
"Great!
 Then are you ready?
 Let me begin.
 It\'s really simple."
Everyone tilted their head doubtfully, wondering what Auntie Eva was so proudly starting to talk about.
...Auntie Eva laughed triumphantly, as though she were about to reveal a secret that only she knew.
"Natsuhi nee‐san was the last person to spot Father, right?
 ...I forget the exact time, but I think it was a little before nine in the morning."
"......Nee‐san, do you remember?
 I ran into you just as you were coming out of Father\'s study, right?"
"......Yes, I remember.
 What does that have to do with anything?"
"And the next time you went to visit Father\'s study?
 That was after we had found the bodies of Nii‐san and the rest, right?
 Together with me, you went up to the study to report that, and we discovered that he wasn\'t there."
".........By the way, Nee‐san.
 At that time, when you went to enter Father\'s study, did you notice anything?"
".........Notice anything?
 ...What are you talking about?"
"Come on.
 You picked up some trash, right?
 A folded receipt."
"......I do seem to remember picking up some trash.
 What does that have to do with...?"
"I got that receipt when I bought some candy at a store in the airport."
Auntie Eva pulled a small bag of candy out of her handbag.
"...Aah, the receipt from when you bought that candy?
 ...But, Mother, what does that receipt have to do with anything...?"
"George, stay quiet and listen for just a little longer..."
Uncle Hideyoshi\'s expression was a little strict.
...Somehow, it seemed that he understood what Auntie Eva was getting at.
"It was really just on a whim, you see?
 It wasn\'t out of any foresight,
 and I certainly wasn\'t planning on setting a trap for you or anything."
"......Actually, this receipt...
 You remember, Nee‐san, that just after you met Father and left, you met me, right?
 At that time, I stuck this into the door to the study."
"......So, what does that mean?
 Does it mean that, until Aunt Natsuhi picked up that receipt, no one had opened the door...?"
"W‐wait a second, Auntie Eva...!
 Sticking a receipt in would be obvious!
 It\'s possible that, when Grandfather opened the door, he noticed it, found it interesting, and stuck it back in the door..."
Jessica hurriedly argued back.
...She still didn\'t really know what it meant,
 but she realized that, whatever it was, it was placing some kind of suspicion on her own mother.
"Of course, I folded the receipt up very small so that no one would notice it.
 But even if you assume that he saw it fall, he would have no way of knowing how high up the door it had been stuck, right?"
"I checked it while Natsuhi nee‐san was taking the key out.
 The receipt was still stuck not one millimeter away from where I had put it...!"
"I, ......I can\'t understand why you would pull such a childish prank!
 I, I\'ll bet you were the one who did that prank on the door to my room, too!"
"......The door to your room?"
"...It was unpleasant to talk about, so I didn\'t,
 but this morning, when I woke up, there were the signs of some prank on the outside of my door, with what was probably the same red paint that was scribbled across the shutter.
 There were some unpleasant marks, as though someone had been tearing at the door..."
"Wait, what is this!
 Why have you been silent about this until now...?!!"
"My apologies.
 Since so many horrid things have happened since then, I had completely forgotten about it until just now."
"I don\'t know or care about that.
 I am not talking about your door, but the door to Father\'s room, okay?
 After you checked that he was in his room, and until we made sure that he wasn\'t, that door wasn\'t opened even once.
 How did Father get out if he didn\'t use the door?"
".........I, ...I don\'t know that...!
 That\'s what I want to know!!!"
"Natsuhi nee‐san, other than you, who else checked to see whether Father was in his room?"
"The last time I met Kinzo‐san was when we were playing chess last night...
 ...I believe I was with him until just before dinner......"
"Did anyone see him after that?"
"...............I did.
 I gave him his dinner last night."
"......Yes.
 Shannon and I were with him."
"So up till then, Father was still definitely in his room.
 ...But, Natsuhi nee‐san.
 It sounds like when you found out he wasn\'t there, all ways in or out of the study were closed, right?
 ......But even so, you said that you met and talked with him this morning."
"......I, ......I don\'t understand why everyone has become so gloomy.
 ...Could someone explain it to me...?"
"M‐......Mother and Father, are you...
......saying that what Aunt Natsuhi says about meeting Grandfather this morning...
...is a lie?"
"Wh‐why the hell would she tell a lie? Mom\'s innocent!!
 Why the hell would she lie!!"
"Jessica!
 I keep telling you to watch your language!"
All at once, everything became confused...
From across the parlor table, Auntie Eva and Aunt Natsuhi confronted each other,
 while George‐aniki confronted Jessica...
 ......What the hell is going on...?!!
"Remember, it\'s only up until last night that we have multiple people saying they saw him.
 But the only one who claims that they saw Father since this morning is Natsuhi nee‐san."
"......And then there\'s that strange fact we learned from the receipt.
 ...So, how can we connect these points together...?"
Auntie Eva urged everyone to work their imaginations...
......Sure, that receipt could become an important point.
...But I didn\'t know what other point I could draw a line towards...!
The answer Auntie Eva was hoping for...
......was that Aunt Natsuhi had lied to make it seem as if Grandfather had been in that room this morning.
And Auntie Eva\'s mere whim had exposed that......??
"That makes no friggin\' sense!!
 Why the hell would Mom lie?!!
 She has no friggin\' reason to!!"
"......That\'s what I want to know."
"But Jessica‐chan.
 You can\'t say that there\'s no possible reason for her to lie about Father being in the room, right?
 You see it every once in a while in detective novels, don\'t you?
 That trick of confusing the time of death to create an alibi."
"Wh‐what are you talking about?!
 I\'ve never even heard of that!!"
"...We still haven\'t found Father yet, but if you think about it normally, it would be natural to assume that he has already been killed.
 In that case, we should expect to find his corpse soon."
"...If, at that point, the time of death could be faked, Natsuhi nee‐san would be able to create an alibi.
 ......Do you understand?
 Everyone?"
...This morning, when Aunt Natsuhi went to check that Grandfather was there, she lied,
 ...and he was already dead at that time?
...And, she moved the body to some location, and disguised it to make it seem like he had just been killed there.
......And then she could stay with everyone else to prepare an alibi.
......And then, she could say "I heard someone screaming!"
 or something and dash over there, and become the first to find the body along with everyone else... Is that what Auntie Eva\'s saying......?
"How preposterous.
 Detective novels are nothing more than indulgent entertainment!
 You can only think of such an indiscreet idea because you read them all the time!"
"Yeah!!
 Even if she tried to fake the time of death a little, all of that would be blown away in an instant once the police did their autopsy!!
 It might have fooled the people in old books, but do you seriously think that kind of trick would fly in modern Japan?!
 Are you insane?!"
"......You think so?
 This morning, when Doctor Nanjo looked at the corpses, he was only able to give a vague estimate of the time of death, right?
 Autopsy results are affected greatly by the corpse\'s surroundings and individual peculiarities.
 It\'s a very rough estimate with an uncertainty of several hours."
"And, unfortunately, the police\'s scientific investigation will have to wait until tomorrow.
 Measuring the exact time of death after that, even in modern Japan like you said, wouldn\'t be that easy, you know?
 Right, Doctor Nanjo...?"
"............Examining a corpse is an extremely difficult task that requires both experience and instinct...
 I have heard that there is a very high rate of mistaken diagnoses...
 I imagine it is very possible for a misreading of just a few hours to occur..."
"...However, for an alibi, that\'s more than enough!
 It\'s not just a trick for the classics!
 It\'s a trick that actually works!
 ......Natsuhi nee‐san.
 It\'s not like we want to suspect you, alright?
 We don\'t, an\' that\'s why we just want you to prove you\'re innocent."
"What is this innocence you want me to prove?!!
 This morning, I definitely met with Father!!
 And he told me to keep the One‐winged Eagle engraved in my heart...
 ......Are you denying that he said that, too?!!"
"I will definitely not permit that!!
 I won\'t permit you to deny that Father said those words!!"
"......Maybe Father\'s body won\'t appear at all?
 Normally, a person has to be missing for seven years before they\'re officially declared dead.
 Wouldn\'t that be a clever way to extend Father\'s nearly finished life another seven years and keep all of his wealth for yourself!"
"I, I cannot abide this!!
 I cannot abide any more from you!!"
"I am Ushiromiya Natsuhi!!
 Although I do not have the right to wear the One‐winged Eagle on my body, it is certainly engraved in my heart!!
 Speaking that way to the wife of Krauss, successor to the head—to the person who will act as such in his place—absolutely disgusting!!!"
"What\'s thiiis?
 Are you going to shoot me with that gun?
 Go ahead, then?
 Why don\'t you just shoot?!
 You\'re just desperate because you can\'t think of a way out, aren\'t you?!
 Do it, just try to obscure the truth with violence...!!"
"Y‐......youuu!!!!"
It wasn\'t like Aunt Natsuhi had been actually holding that gun at the ready and threatening anyone.
But after she was told to by Auntie Eva, she did hold it at the ready!
...Unsurprisingly, once things got to this stage, Jessica and Genji‐san tried to stop her.
"...Madam, please, calm yourself......!"
"Mom, you aren\'t lying!
 So there\'s no reason for you to listen to this!!"
"......Calm down, Natsuhi nee‐san.
 Don\'t you just have to swear that Father was definitely in that room?
 Why are you getting so worked up over that...?"
"...Th‐...that\'s right.
 Natsuhi‐san isn\'t lying.
 Isn\'t that the end of it...?"
"Then I want you to explain.
 How did Father manage to disappear from the room?
 ...The windows were closed tight from the inside.
 And the door too, remember!"
"......If you really met with Father this morning,
 ...then you must explain how he disappeared from this "unopened door" locked‐room scenario.
 If you don\'t, that would mean that you are a liar after all, right?"
"How far do you plan to mock me......?!!!"
"If you want to argue back, go ahead!!
 That\'s right, try explaining it right here, right now.
 After that, I can apologize to you for doubting you.
 How did Father manage to get out from that locked room?!!"
"I can\'t explain that, and I don\'t need to!!"
"Really?
 Then let me explain it!
 We\'ll take the best parts from my perspective and yours, and come up with a more friendly explanation!
 ......I\'ll believe that, like you said, Father was still in his room this morning."
"But the next time the door was opened, Father wasn\'t there.
 You don\'t have any objections so far, right?"
"I have no desire to listen to anything more you have to say!!
 Shut your frivolous mouth!!"
"My reasoning goes like this, alright?
 I verified on both occasions that you were the only one to go through that door.
 And the receipt is proof of that!
 So what is the answer to the puzzle of how Father was sent out of the room regardless?"
"The window!
 He was sent out the window.
 ......Natsuhi nee‐san, you pushed Father out of the third‐story window of the study into the courtyard!!!"
"YOU....VICIOUS MALCONTENT!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Madam, please, endure it...!!"
"Eva‐sama... Please stop this.....!!"
"Father died from the fall into the courtyard,
 and when you left saying you were going to check the doors and windows, you went and hid the corpse somewhere!
 That was probably when you took some measures to fake the time of death, right?!"
"......This all ties in with the case regardin\' Krauss nii‐san and the rest, and also the case regardin\' BEATRICE last night!
 There\'s an extremely good chance that Natsuhi‐san is suspicious in those cases...
 Normally, I wouldn\'t want to say this."
"...But now it\'s out in the open, there\'s nothin\' else I can do...!
 Please, Natsuhi nee‐san!
 Please explain how you can be innocent!!
 Or else, I can\'t help but suspect you...!!"
"Why me?!!
 Why must I, Ushiromiya Natsuhi, be insulted like this!!!!!!!!"
...............Hmm.
 ...Looks like everyone else has said their piece.
"Ihihihi.
 ...No good. No goddamn good at all,
 Auntie Eva."
"...Wh‐...what do you mean "no good", Battler..."
Jessica looked up at me, hanging on to my every word.
Auntie Eva\'s expression was composed as always.
"......No good at all, you say? What is?
 Battler‐kun.
 Tell me."
"You can only see this from one angle—that\'s why you\'re convinced that it has to be Aunt Natsuhi.
 ...It\'s not like I\'m defending her, but bluffing a checkmate like that isn\'t gonna work."
"I think the theory you\'ve based around that receipt is passable.
 It\'s not a bad thread of logic.
 But I\'d only give it a grade of 65 at best.
 If this were an exam, that\'d be bad enough to get you extra lessons in detention, you know?
 Ihihi!"
"...Oh my. Well, how would you break through a door sealed by a receipt, and make Father disappear? Other than by my theory?!"
"Your theory is interesting, I admit.
 And if we could state definitively that there was no way to make Grandfather disappear other than yours,
 then we could say for certain that the last person to see him, Aunt Natsuhi, has to be responsible."
"However, since there still is a possibility that she is innocent, and that these accusations are false, you can\'t make that claim!!"
"......Hmm. Then, Battler‐kun, who are you saying could have made Grandfather disappear, other than Natsuhi nee‐san?
 It would be impossible for anyone else to do it.
 My receipt proved that, right?"
"From the first time she visited that study,
 and until the second time when we visited it together, the study was a perfect locked room, and when the seal was broken on the locked room, he was already missing!
 If this doesn\'t prove that she was the culprit, what kind of trick could they have used?!"
"Like I said, Auntie Eva, only 65 points.
 So, let\'s try "flipping over the chessboard", shall we?
 It\'s not about how they managed to make Grandfather disappear from the outside.
 Think about how Grandfather disappeared from the inside."
"The door had the receipt stuck in it, so it couldn\'t have been used.
 He also couldn\'t have gone through a window, because they can\'t be locked from the outside, and when you visited the study, you checked to make sure they were locked.
 So the windows also weren\'t used.
 At that point, the study really was a locked room.
 We have to accept this!"
"However, the study didn\'t remain a locked room forever.
 Once the seal created by the receipt was removed, it became possible to use the door, and possible to escape through the door."
"...In other words, it\'s not about how Aunt Natsuhi made Grandfather disappear.
 ...We need to think about how he was able to escape!!"
"Grandfather\'s study isn\'t any ordinary study, right?
 According to Genji‐san, there\'s a toilet and a kitchen and even a bedroom, almost like a little house.
 ......If he hid under the bed, for example, he could trick the two of you into thinking he\'d disappeared, right?"
"Auntie Eva, even you didn\'t check that carefully, did you?
 And then the two of you went back down the stairs, thinking that he wasn\'t there."
"At that time, the receipt was already gone!
 In other words, if Grandfather was hiding in his room the whole time when it was a locked room,
 and escaped after letting the two of you go past him, we can crack this locked room right open!!"
"Wh‐what is this?!
 Why would Father want to do something that weird and then escape the room?!
 Don\'t be so absurd!"
"Yeah, it might be absurd.
 However, it still shows that there is a possibility that Aunt Natsuhi is being accused falsely.
 Your receipt wasn\'t perfect.
 In chess, we might call that check,
 but it isn\'t checkmate!!"
"And the thing that I like least,
 is how you pressure Aunt Natsuhi to explain it, and then argue that if she doesn\'t, she must be guilty!
 If that passes as logic, then why don\'t you let me......"
"...flip over the chessboard one more time!!"
"Auntie Eva, according to your argument,
 ......you must explain to us here and now why you and Uncle Hideyoshi couldn\'t have killed those six last night and then casually returned to the guesthouse...!"
"You\'ve been trying to force Aunt Natsuhi to explain.
 I\'m sure you can prove your own innocence, right?!
 Auntie Eva, who\'s had all of Grandfather\'s wealth suddenly dropped right into her hands!!"
"Th‐that\'s right, you\'re pretty damn suspicious yourself, aren\'t you!!
 If you say Mom\'s suspicious \'cause she was the last person to see him,
 then what about you, Auntie Eva, who was the last person to see Dad and the rest?!!
 Just like Battler said, prove that you two weren\'t the ones that killed them!!"
".........Mother, I also think that your reasoning was a little overeager.
 ......I\'m sure that the receipt was an important hint."
"But, like Battler‐kun said, that\'s not enough to prove that Aunt Natsuhi is guilty to any degree.
 ......We\'re all equally suspicious.
 It\'s not right for only Aunt Natsuhi to be persecuted."
"Our, our noble father, crawling on the floor under his bed?
 You call nonsense like that an explanation?!"
"Then why don\'t you explain first?!!
 Who killed those six, and how, and then try showing us proof that you weren\'t involved!!"
"......*cough*,
 *cough* *cough* *cough*,
 *cough*,
 *kof*!!!
 uu, *cough* *cough* *cough*!!
 *coughCOUGH*!!
 *kofkofkofkof*!!!"
"Milady... Milady...!!"
Jessica suddenly started coughing.
 At first I thought that she was just choking after yelling too loud, but it seemed to be lasting too long for that, and she really looked like she was suffering...
Jessica kept coughing and choking, down on her hands and knees...
"Jessica... Hang in there...!!
 Doctor Nanjo...!"
"...Jessica‐san, your inhaler, quickly.
 ......No, wait, I have one with me."
Doctor Nanjo pulled a bronchodilator inhaler from his own bag, which was lying on the sofa, and handed it to Kanon‐kun.
......Come to think of it, six years ago, didn\'t Jessica sometimes break into violent coughing and have to use that...?
But six years ago, I never saw Jessica look like she was in this much pain.
"......Aniki, was Jessica\'s asthma always this bad...?"
"It\'s gotten a lot worse these last few years...
 It\'s no problem when she\'s normal...
 But when an attack comes suddenly, she can\'t stop coughing."
"*cough* *cough*!!
 uu, ga*COUGH* *coughcough*!!
 *kofkof*, *kofkof*!!"
"......Milady, your medicine.
 .........Here..."
"...............nnn...
...
 ......*coughcough*!!"
Taking the inhaler from Kanon‐kun, Jessica used it with a practiced hand.
...For a while, it looked like her throat was still feeling itchy, but it gradually settled down...
"Are you alright, Jessica...?
 You scared me..."
"......It\'s no big deal.
 ...Don\'t worry about it..."
Beads of sweat covered Jessica\'s whole body and she couldn\'t hide her rough breathing, but it looked like her sudden attack had calmed down for now...
This disturbance had left the room\'s hostile atmosphere in an awkward, unsettled state.
But that was fine.
 ......There was absolutely no need to be driving up everyone\'s suspicions of each other.
When you think about it, even probing at each other\'s alibis and searching for the killer were probably completely unnecessary.
After all, we\'re just powerless, ordinary people,
 and when the police come tomorrow, they\'ll definitely employ cutting‐edge techniques and investigate the case thoroughly,
 solve all of the riddles and arrest the killer...
"............I wonder if Battler‐kun is right after all.
 ...Just like Natsuhi nee‐san is suspicious, I can\'t ignore the fact that we are suspicious too.
 Arguing about that now is certainly unproductive.
 ...Everything will be fine if we just leave it to the police tomorrow."
".........But don\'t you want to know too, Battler‐kun?
 Who the killer is?
 ...Don\'t you want to let them know right this very second the pain you feel from losing someone precious to you?"
".........I won\'t deny that.
 Even one day would be too long to let the bastard who pulled this detestable bullshit go."
"......But that doesn\'t mean that I want to doubt one of the 18.
 Even though I said what I said earlier, I don\'t even want to doubt you, Auntie Eva.
 ...To me, you\'re an awesome aunt who\'s always mischievous and entertaining."
"......I don\'t want to trade insults with an aunt like that.
 Not a single person here wants to do that.
 .........Right?
 Everyone?"
"..................I feel the same as Battler‐kun.
 ...It\'s pointless to trade insults.
 ......It\'s probably just the stress built up because so many people have been crammed in one place since morning."
"......Probably.
 It is only natural...
 It may be easier said than done, but I think we should all relax as much as possible..."
"...............Eva.
 Don\'t you think we should cool our heads?
 ...I do think the receipt is gonna be an important clue in searchin\' for Father\'s whereabouts.
 We should tell the police about it when they come..."
"...Yes, you\'re right.
 ...Yes.
 I just felt a little triumphant when I figured out that part with the receipt.
 ......Of course it isn\'t fair to only doubt Natsuhi nee‐san.
 We\'re just as suspicious."
"......But still, Battler‐kun?
 At least the part about the receipt is real, alright?
 ...Don\'t forget this.
 And try thinking deeply about what this means, okay...?"
"....................."
"...................................."
Auntie Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi stood up.
It looked like they planned on leaving the parlor.
"In the end, it\'s pointless for us to continue playing detectives.
 After all, the police will reveal everything in the end anyway."
.........That\'s right.
Even if we don\'t play this detective game, when the typhoon passes,
 ...and those lively seagulls return to the harbor, everything will settle itself.
Yes.
 If you think about it, this kind of crime is completely trivial.
......It will definitely be resolved—
even if we do nothing—
when the seagulls cry.
"...Natsuhi nee‐san, I\'ll take it that you don\'t want to see my face anymore?
 I feel the same.
 ...If I remember correctly, yesterday, you had some rooms prepared for us in the mansion so that we wouldn\'t need to go back to the guesthouse, right?"
"There should be a bath and a toilet there, as well as a lock and a chain to secure the door.
 There\'s even a bed to lie on, and my husband will be able to watch TV without having to fight with Maria‐chan over which channel to watch, okay?"
"....................................
 ......You may do as you please.
 ...But...make sure to be cautious."
"Thank you, Nee‐san.
 ...And mind your own business.
 I\'ll be counting on you to keep an eye on everyone, alright?
 Because the killer is definitely among us.
 ...And Nee‐san, make sure you don\'t forget that you\'re being watched, too."
".........Haven\'t you made enough parting remarks?"
"...Yes, that\'s enough.
 .........See you, Natsuhi nee‐san.
 ......Genji‐san, please call for us when it\'s dinnertime.
 Until then, we\'ll keep ourselves locked in with the chain."
"..........................."
"......Genji, Kanon.
 Escort them to the guest room."
"We\'ll be fine.
 I don\'t want to end up being escorted by the killer.
 In fact, I would be more comfortable if nobody left this room until we reach ours.
 .........Let\'s go, George."
"...............I\'ll stay here with everyone else."
"George...!
 The killer is in this room.
 Do you plan on staying in a place like that...?!"
"......Leaving this room...would be the same as suspecting one of my relatives.
 ...I......refuse to believe that anyone in our family is capable of something so horrifying."
"George...!
 ......Honey, say something to him...!"
".........George is already an adult.
 ...If his code tells him not to leave this room, then it\'s up to him.
 Let him do what he wants..."
"...Father..."
Auntie Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi left.
The only voice that called after them was the sound of the rain.
The parlor was being buried beneath the savage atmosphere...
When I looked at the clock, I was surprised to find that it was already evening.
.........Had we really spent that much time worrying, talking, fighting about such needless things...?
Feeling bored, I started clawing at my head, when...
...Maria and I made eye contact.
Since I had thought she was completely immersed in the TV, I was a little surprised.
"......I\'ll believe it now."
"Uu...?"
"The letter, the murders, everything—it was all BEATRICE.
 ...No, actually, I wish she would just come out and say that was true.
 .........I want it to be the work of a 19th person.
 Otherwise, the 18 of us will have to keep on doubting each other...
 ...I think believing in a 19th person is better than that..."
".............................."
"...Bringing Grandfather outside without opening the doors or windows must be a piece of cake for BEATRICE, right...?"
Maria, after taking a single, short breath, hung her head, ......and then raised her face again.
"............That\'s right.
 Kihihihihihihihi, locking a door is useless against a witch.
 ......BEATRICE is familiar with all 72 demons.
 The 33rd ranked, Gaap, gives the power to instantly carry the desired person to any location."
"...To her, taking a person out of any locked room isn\'t hard at all, you see?
 Kihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihi..."
"Witches sure are incredible.
 ......Tell her, if she still plans on committing another crime, to do it in a way that no human could,
 ......to make me believe that a 19th person,
 ......no, a witch, exists."
".................................Kihihi.
 ......Alright.
 If I meet her, I\'ll tell her."
Dammit...
 I don\'t even understand my own thoughts anymore...
When I\'m led to believe in a 19th person, I deny it, and when I\'m led to believe that there are only 18 people, I deny that too.
Even though I wish that there were more than just the 18 people here, I can\'t accept the existence of that 19th person.
......In short, even though there are more than 18 people, there are less than 19.
......The number of people in this mansion is 19>X>18.
So the number of people can\'t be represented by an integer.
......However, it\'s impossible for there to be anything after the decimal point.
You shouldn\'t be able to represent the number of people with anything but an integer.
...And yet, 19>X>18.
Why does a fraction less than 1 play into this...!
It\'s no wonder.
 ...That 19th person is an invisible being, that can\'t be {y:1:‘seen’{n:1:seen}}.
That\'s why, in the integer representation that must be used to describe numbers of people, she can\'t be {y:1:‘seen’{n:1:seen}}.
That witch cannot be {y:1:‘seen’}{n:1:seen}.
Because BEATRICE has no body.
Therefore, she is invisible.
Is there a 19th person, or not?
Does the witch exist, or not?
19>X>18.
...The witch exists somewhere in that X...!
