The four of us cousins were shooting the breeze over all kinds of topics.
After all, there are both girls and guys here, plus, we\'ve got people over a wide spread of ages: adult, high school, and elementary school.
All each of us had to do was talk about ourselves, and it would be of great interest to the other three.
"I think I\'m finally getting used to all this.
 I mean, Jessica and Maria, you\'ve both grown more than I could\'ve imagined over the past six years.
 So, to be honest, I was feeling a bit uncomfortable, but talking like this, I guess that on the inside, nothing\'s really changed since back then."
"Right back at you.
 Even after six years, you haven\'t changed a bit.
 Although your body\'s gotten gigantic, you\'re still a kid inside."
"Uu!
 I\'m a kid too!
 I\'m a kid too!"
"Well, you aren\'t gonna be a kid forever, are you, Maria?
 I mean, you\'re gonna grow from being a kid to a cute young lady, aren\'tcha?
 And when that happens, that flat‐as‐a‐board chest\'ll be on Jessica\'s level, you kno~w?"
"When that happens, let me rub it, OK? Promise!!"
"Uu!
 Let you rub it!
 Promise!
 Uu!"
"N‐no, Maria‐chan!
 You can\'t make that kind of promise, that\'s bad, bad, bad!"
"Uu?
 I promised, so let him rub it!
 I keep my promises!
 Always keep them, uu!!"
"...Mariaa, you\'re a really earnest, good girl...
 The guy you marry\'s gonna be really lucky."
"Just a—Don\'t try to smooth over the topic with the promise intact!
 Maria, that promise never happened!
 Never!"
"Uu.
 Promise cancelled?
 Uu......"
"I realize now, it really didn\'t feel like a proper gathering of cousins without Battler‐kun in our group, did it?
 These six years have been kinda lonely."
"...That\'s true.
 We weren\'t able to goof off like this.
 Still, we did have some pretty constructive conversations, don\'tcha think?
 Stuff about preparing for our future, exam‐taking, or finding jobs."
"Oo~ooh, I\'m sorrryyy!
 Now that I\'m here, there\'s just this stu~pid babbling!"
"But, I\'m having fun this year.
 Uu‐uu!"
"That\'s true.
 I agree, this year\'s the most fun."
Maria\'s sincere words probably spoke for everyone.
When George‐aniki stroked Maria\'s head, she giggled like a happy kitten...
"......Pardon me.
 Your meal is prepared."
A timid knocking sound and an equally timid young woman\'s voice came through the door.
Jessica answered brightly.
"Shannon, come in!
 You remember Battler, don\'tcha?!"
Jessica stood up from the bed and opened the door.
There stood a servant girl who was definitely about our age.
"I‐it\'s been quite some time since we last met, Battler‐sama.
 It\'s nice to see you after six years... I\'m Shannon."
Noting my presence and trembling a little, she bowed deeply.
"...Woww...!
 Jessica had me surprised, but Shannon‐chan, you\'ve shocked me just as much...
 You\'ve turned into a total beauty too, haven\'t you~?!"
"Y‐......your words are too good for me......"
"Se~riously, the food on this island must be reeeally nutritional, no~?
 What are you eating, where are you training, to get boobs that big?!!
 Guess I\'ll have to feel \'em a bit and see whether yours or Jessica\'s are bigger, oka~ay?!"
With both hands poised and saliva dribbling from my mouth, I closed in!
......For the sake of my honor and justice,
 I\'d like to point out that I don\'t suffer from some strange disease that makes my lymph nodes itch until I scratch my neck open and which can only be prevented by rubbing breasts.
It\'s just my Battler‐style way of communicating.
When a boy closes in on a girl like this, nine times out of ten they get slapped or clobbered, right?
This is a Battler‐sama original communication technique, aiming for a gag like that to break the ice!
.........W‐well, that means I really do get to touch them on that one‐in‐ten chance though, right...?
Ihihyahyahya, I\'d never ask for that much thouuuugh~!!
By now, my hands were less than a centimeter away from Shannon‐chan\'s chest, but......the counterstrike had yet to come.
She understood what was going on, and she was blushing and had her head lowered in embarrassment,
 but she was just standing there with both hands politely joined in front of her, not even trying to resist or cover her breasts.
...Whoaaaaah, I wasn\'t planning on this!!
P‐pl‐please, hit me right now—at this rate I\'m seriously gonna touch themmm!
...Which is why I was glad that Jessica chose that time to drive her elbow into the back of my head...
"Guaaaah, ooooowww, Jessicaaaaaa, thank youuu~!!"
"Wh‐wh‐why the hell are you thanking me?!
 ???"
"No, no, my bad, Shannon‐chan.
 Looks like I got a little too absorbed in your hypnotic chest...
 No, more to the point, when someone gets that close, they\'ve clearly got criminal intentions!
 Seriously, you\'ve gotta resist!"
".........B‐but...
......you are...an exalted guest, Battler‐sama......"
"Now look here, a crime\'s a crime whether I\'m a guest or not!
 Ten centimeters around a girl\'s chest is like an Air Defense Identification Range.
 If someone trespasses within two centimeters, that\'s already an invasion of airspace and you launch a slap to the face on high‐alert!"
"............I, I couldn\'t do such a thing...!
 We are.........that is, furniture, and..."
Of course she didn\'t want her breasts touched, but...if a guest so desired, she intended to sacrifice her own needs in an effort to accommodate them.
...A girl like this needs some urgent protection...!
"...I‐in these days, to think that there\'s a dedicated and virtuous girl like this...
 It makes my head spin...
 ......But, no!
 No, no, nooo!!"
"I come at you with a perverted face!
 You smack me down!!
 "No~oo, pervert!"
 You gotta complete the joke or it doesn\'t work! Please, it\'s a polite request, smack me!
 Like this, smack!
 Smaaa~ck!!"
"I............I cannot comply with polite requests.
 Because I\'m furniture.
 ......But,
 ............I will comply with it if it\'s an order.
 ...Because that is my duty."
"Ahaha, then I\'ll make it an order.
 From now on, if Battler‐kun tries to touch your breasts, you are to counterattack with a slap.
 Alright?"
"......Y‐yes.
 As you command.
 That is what I will do from now on.
 Battler‐sama, I hope you can keep this in mind..."
So Shannon‐chan declared, while bowing elegantly to me.
Her facial expression was radiant.
I gave her a thumbs‐up to signal "you got it".
"Six years ago, you might\'ve been mistaken for a servant\'s daughter who just came in to lend a hand sometimes,
 ......but now you\'re a full‐fledged adult servant.
 How many years has it been?"
"Well,
 I\'ve had the pleasure of serving this household for about ten years."
She\'s 紗音.
 ......The kanji for her name are read as "Shannon".
This is another far‐from‐typical name for a Japanese person.
Being a kid back in those days, I had taken in her name without paying it much attention,
 but for her to be called something like that is pretty unusual given that she isn\'t even a member of the Ushiromiya family.
...Maybe it\'s like a servant\'s "professional name" or something.
...If so, I can kind of understand why that Kanon‐kun\'s name sounds the way it does, too.
She\'s a long‐term servant who\'s served here since she was six.
Since her body had changed radically, she didn\'t match my memories, but we used to know each other six years ago.
It looked like she was just as shy as she had been in the past, but I got the sense that she had become imbued with the charm befitting a girl her age.
Especially her breasts, her breasts.
"That kid we met earlier, Kanon‐kun, is her little brother."
"...He\'s not exactly my little brother...
 Still, he loves me like a big sister.
 ...He didn\'t cause you any trouble, did he?"
"Haha!
 He\'s the same as always.
 It\'s such a shame that he doesn\'t act just a bit more sociable."
"...It seems Kanon‐kun has caused trouble... I apologize......"
"He didn\'t cause any trouble at all!
 As a fellow man, I understand how moody you can get at that age.
 It\'s no surprise that he\'s unsociable!"
"Uu!
 I get called that all the time too!
 Get called unsociable!
 Like Kanon!
 Uu!"
"*giggle*......Maria‐sama, you are not unsociable at all."
"Uu?
 It was nice to be like him...
 Uu."
"Umm, you said the meal was ready, right?"
"Ah, ......yes!
 My apologies!
 ...The preparations for your meal have been carried out, so I shall be guiding you all to the mansion."
Shannon bowed again formally and returned to her "duty mode".
We realized that if we made her stick around for any more light conversation,
 it would actually make it harder for her to do her job, so we got up off our butts to avoid interfering with her work any further.
"Shall we go to the mansion, then?
 You\'re all probably starting to get hungry as well, right?"
"Sure am.
 I always look forward to meals when Gohda‐san\'s here cooking.
 That guy, seems he was a chef at this famous hotel, so he\'s super good at it!"
"Oh‐hoh!
 I\'m looking forward to tha~t!!
 Let\'s go Maria!
 We\'re gonna stuff ourselves like pigs!!"
"Uu!
 Stuff ourselves like pigs!"
"No, no!
 You can\'t just take everything Battler‐kun says seriously, OK?
 Because it\'s all jokes.
 Come on, let\'s go."
Under Shannon‐chan\'s guidance, we headed towards the mansion.
Met once again by the magnificent rose garden, we continued onward as it came into view: .........the imposing mansion of the Ushiromiya main family.
It had apparently been built shortly after the war, so you could feel the dignity of almost a half‐century hanging about it.
On the surface, the building was gorgeous, but being as old as it was, it was seemingly lacking in modern amenities like air conditioning.
According to Jessica, midwinter was especially tough, what with all the drafts.
...Well, it\'s not like they couldn\'t just take the kotatsu out.
As we entered the entrance hall, an aged servant greeted us.
Now him I remembered.
As the most senior member of the staff, Genji‐san (源次) served as the head of the servants.
"............Battler‐sama, we have not met in a long while."
As our eyes met, he saluted us with a composed voice.
He didn\'t give quite as refined a bow as Gohda\'s,
 but it was a bow that had feeling, even if it wasn\'t polished to the same degree.
"Genji‐san, it\'s been absolutely ages!
 You look well."
"Thank you, I have been quite well...
 ......And you, Battler‐sama, I see have become a splendid young man yourself.
 .........I would even say you have grown to somewhat resemble the Master during his youth."
"I\'m looking like Grandfather?
 I guess that means Grandfather was pretty popular when he was young, ihihi!"
".........From here on, I shall take Shannon\'s place and accompany you.
 Please, come this way."
Shannon‐chan bowed deeply and saw us off.
Leaving the entrance hall, we headed to the dining hall under Genji‐san\'s guidance.
Genji‐san, just like Kumasawa‐san, stood in stark contrast to us young people who had grown beyond recognition over the last six years.
His figure was exactly the same as in my memories of six years ago.
It seemed like time had stopped since the last we met.
Genji‐san was a silent and diligent person.
He was like Grandfather\'s close aide or caregiver,
 ......in fact, you could even go so far as to say he was Grandfather\'s right‐hand man.
Actually, it seems that he was by Grandfather\'s side more than my late Grandmother was.
According to Jessica, Grandfather trusts him more than any of his blood relatives.
But I wonder how long he\'s served.
I\'ve never asked for details, but I think I heard he\'s been here since the beginning, when this mansion was constructed.
...That is to say, he\'s dedicated half of his life to serving here.
 ...No wonder Grandfather trusts him.
As we cut through the open‐ceilinged hall behind Genji‐san,
......I found something I had no memory of from six years ago.
It was an awfully big portrait hung right in front of the stairs that rose to the second floor.
Without thinking, I stopped walking, under its spell...
Since I\'d suddenly stopped, Maria, who was following behind me, ran into my back.
"Uu?"
"......Aah, sorry.
 ...Hey, Jessica.
 Did that picture use to be there?"
I pointed at the large and conspicuous portrait hanging in the hall.
Everyone else stopped too.
"...Ahh...right.
 When you last came here, that hadn\'t been hung yet, had it?
 When was it again..."
"I think,
 ......if my memory doesn\'t fail me, it was around the year before last."
"............You are correct.
 In April of the year before last, the Master had this painting put on display, which he had instructed an artist to paint for him some time prior."
"Grandfather did that?
 So, he went out of his way to have it drawn..."
The portrait depicted a woman in an elegant dress, who gave off a sense of refinement, and who seemed to suit the Western style of this mansion.
.........I couldn\'t have guessed her age, but the sharpness and obvious strength of will in her eyes gave me the impression of youth.
It was a different feeling than the composed mood of middle‐aged women that are often in famous pictures.
If this woman had normal black hair, I might have thought it was a portrait of my long‐deceased grandmother in her prime.
However, the woman in the portrait had beautiful golden hair, and didn\'t look Japanese at all.
"So.
 ......Who is she then, this woman?"
As though trying to show off her knowledge, Maria answered that simple question with authority.
"Uu!
 I know.
 BEATRICE!"
"Bea......what?"
"......BEATRICE.
 She\'s the witch.
 Didn\'t you ever hear about her, long ago?"
"The witch?
 ...You mean...
.........of this island?"
...I think I already said this, but Rokkenjima is a small island that\'s only about ten kilometers around.
However, considering that only the Ushiromiya family lives here, that\'s quite large.
So, only a harbor and the site around the mansion were set up to be lived in;
 beyond that, the island remained as untouched as it was when it was still uninhabited.
To understand just how dangerous a vast and empty forest with no lamplight, phones or people passing through it at all actually is,
 you need to shift your urban assumptions a little.
You see, if by any chance you fell down a hole in the depths of the forest and sprained your ankle...
cry or scream, no one would come save you.
If it then got dark, the forest, where there are no streetlights, would become enshrouded in complete darkness.
Also, since there obviously aren\'t any guideposts here, it\'s easy to get lost and lose your sense of direction in the dark forest.
Nowadays, most people see a forest as a peaceful place,
 but to the people of bygone eras, before the light of civilization drove out the night, forests were like oceans on land, geographically separating one culture from another.
Just as fishermen who go out into the ocean occasionally have their lives put in danger despite their technical knowledge...
...technical knowledge was also demanded of hunters who went out into the forest,
 and their lives were occasionally put in danger just the same.
...If a child were to go play in that dangerous forest, something terrible might happen.
Some parent must have had that thought.
 ...Maybe my Grandmother, or possibly, the man himself, my grandfather might have said it.
Or maybe it was a story handed down on this island from long, long ago.
.........There\'s a terrible witch in the forest, so you must not go in.
Thus, Rokkenjima\'s ghost story was born.
That is the legend of the witch of Rokkenjima.
So, when we say "witch" on this island, we\'re referring to the master of the vast and savage forest.
Which reminds me, when I was little and stayed at this mansion, during the eerie nights where the wind and rain struck the windows,
 stories like "the witch of the forest is roaming around in search of a sacrifice" would scare the heck out of me...
BEATRICE,
 ...huh.
.........As I searched my memory prompted by Aniki, I did vaguely remember being told that was her name, when I was very small.
"...Riiight.
 Still, I completely forgot that the witch of that legend had an elegant name like BEATRICE.
 ......Goddamn, don\'t tell me Grandfather went out of his way to have her depicted in this painting just because us grandchildren refused to believe him?"
"......It\'s the witch from Grandfather\'s delusions.
 ...Ever since he had this picture hung up, he\'s been losing the distinction between fantasy and reality."
"......To us, it\'s no more than the witch from his imagination, but to Grandfather, she\'s a being who "exists" on this island.
 ......‘Exists’.
 That\'s why he says he had that picture painted—so that we\'d understand."
".........Hmpf, creeps the hell outta me."
"........................Milady.
 ...To the Master, this is an important portrait.
 ......I must request strongly that you not say such a thing in front of him."
".........I know that.
 You couldn\'t get me to say it even if you begged me."
Jessica turned away, after glaring a second at the portrait.
"...Let\'s go.
 We\'re making everyone wait in the dining hall."
"Uu!
 Hungry!"
......Only a small portion of this island is controlled by the Ushiromiya family.
If all of the wild remainder...was the witch BEATRICE\'s domain...
......then one could say that she was the being who actually ruled over Rokkenjima.
That unsettling ominous feeling I had felt on the boat trip, when I learned that the shrine had been struck by lightning, revived within me a bit.
At that time, Kumasawa‐san had tried to tell an ominous story about Rokkenjima and had been stopped by Jessica.
.........I didn\'t know what she had tried to tell us about this island.
But, there was one thing I did know.
...Rokkenjima\'s ruler was not the Ushiromiya family.
It was the witch, BEATRICE.
Yes.
 ......Because this was the witch\'s island.
"Battlerrr!
 Uu, slooww!"
When I looked around, everyone was already heading towards the dining hall.
I hurriedly chased after them...
We walked up to the huge double doors that led to the dining hall.
Genji‐san knocked.
"......I have brought the children.
 If you will excuse me..."
The door was opened and we were invited inside.
The dining hall, which screamed "filthy rich", featured a super‐long table which was obviously designed with no other purpose than to make the guests conscious of their rank,
 and our parents were already seated at it in accordance with that ordering.
"You\'re late, brats.
 Hurry up and take your seats."
The old bastard pressed us to sit.
Only the places where we would sit were empty at the long table, which only made us feel our tardiness all the more.
The seat at the very head of the table, which you might call the seat of honor, was for the most highly ranked, and reserved for Grandfather.
It was still empty.
...He was probably planning to come in last to make himself look important.
The seating order, as you faced the seat of honor, went from left to right in rows of two, with the ranking being lower the further you were from it.
So, on the left‐hand side of the row closest to the seat of honor was the second‐ranked seat, belonging to the eldest of the adult siblings—Uncle Krauss.
.........It looked like he hadn\'t arrived yet either, so that seat was empty.
And then opposite him, on the right‐hand side of the first row, sat the eldest daughter of the family, Auntie Eva, ranked at number three.
The left‐hand side of the second row was for number four.
There sat the old bastard, Rudolf, as the third of the siblings.
Opposite him sat number five, the youngest sibling, Auntie Rosa.
Going like this, you might think that the next ones to come would be their husbands and wives, but...
guess again, because the left‐hand seat in the following third row, meaning rank number six, was actually Jessica\'s seat.
Opposite her was George‐aniki.
Then, the seat next to Jessica was me,
 and opposite me was Maria.
And next to me, on the left‐hand side of the fifth row, all the way down at number ten, finally came Aunt Natsuhi.
...Opposite her was Uncle Hideyoshi,
 and next to Aunt Natsuhi, in the sixth and final row on the left‐hand side, was Kyrie‐san.
The seat opposite to Kyrie‐san had been laid out like the others, but was empty.
According to this ranking system, that spot was the seat where Auntie Rosa\'s husband should be sitting.
......He hasn\'t come, as far as I know, yet the table had been laid for his seat.
These kind of ranking orders usually permit the spouse a corresponding status, but the Ushiromiya family had an original kind of ranking.
......Maybe it\'s a leftover of male chauvinism.
Under the notion that a mother\'s womb is only a temporary house for the child and she contributes no genes, the children of direct descent would have the highest ranking, followed by the grandkids.
Meaning that the spouses, with no blood ties, would be considered the last in line.
......It\'s terrible, but according to that ranking order, Grandmother, if she was still alive,
 would be in a position even lower than mine.
In youth, obey your father; after marriage, your husband; after aging, your children.
A leftover of the times when they used to say, "Women: no home in three worlds".
Long ago, when I was still incapable of figuring all this out,
 I\'d thought it was so great that we could all chat with the adult siblings sitting in their group and us cousins in ours.
 However, now that I can reexamine the seating order after growing up a bit, it stirs up some very complicated feelings in me...
Aunt Natsuhi, married to the eldest son of the family, responsible for managing the household, and number two for all practical intents and purposes, sat to my right,
 ...which meant that she was two steps lower than me in the ranking order.
...It was difficult to guess what was going through her head.
That\'s why I made a small apologetic gesture before sitting down.
"How nice to see you, Battler‐kun.
 You\'ve grown quite tall, haven\'t you?"
"Huh, ah, yeah!
 Normal life—you know, food, meals, eating—then suddenly I was this tall."
"Boys do grow fast, don\'t they?
 How tall are you?"
"I guess about 180 cm?
 No, wait, you missed your moment, you\'re supposed to jump in with "Did you do anything besides eat?!""
"Huh?
 ......Ahh, *giggle*, I\'m sorry."
After a moment, she gave a small laugh, but it seemed she couldn\'t quite figure out what she was supposed to be laughing at.
This woman is Aunt Natsuhi (夏妃).
She\'s the wife of the eldest son of the family, meaning she is my dad\'s older brother\'s wife.
Is it easier to get it if I call her Jessica\'s mother?
...It feels bad to say it like this, but—not that I hated her—but I didn\'t particularly like her.
She never got into our kids\' circle, and my only impression of her was as someone who always talked about complicated stuff with my parents while having a crabby expression on her face.
...The fact is, that having barely ever exchanged words, I hesitated a lot even just now about how to approach her.
...Aaand it was pretty much a flop.
The silverware had been tidily set up on the table, but the meal itself hadn\'t been brought in.
As a rule, the meal doesn\'t start until the man at the head of the table has taken his seat.
So, as long as Grandfather—the highest ranked—didn\'t come, lunch would be indefinitely on hold.
 Not even the appetizers would come.
In other words, this silence in the dining hall was the sound of our parents as they withstood their hunger and waited, on tenterhooks, for Grandfather to come.
Except—the Grandfather I remembered always showed up at the right time when we ate together like this.
...He wouldn\'t ever have been so late as to have everyone else waiting on him.
"Grandfather\'s pretty late.
 ......As far as I can remember, he was always strict about staying on time."
"Well, maybe six years ago, yeah.
 ...But not lately.
 Seriously, he\'s off in his own little world now—he doesn\'t even show up at family meals.
 ...I figured he\'d at least stick around for today\'s meal, though."
"...That said, if he doesn\'t turn up, I\'ll be a hell of a lot more relaxed and happier to boot."
"...Jessica!"
After being scolded by her mother, Jessica faced the other way, sticking her tongue out.
......No way around it.
Nothing to do but wait for the host to arrive.
When I glanced at the clock, I saw that it was almost twenty minutes past twelve...
The aged master of the Ushiromiya head house, Ushiromiya Kinzo (金蔵).
He was there in his study.
The clock showed noon, but he didn\'t even attempt to get up.
With reading glasses on his face, he stacked up old‐fashioned books with elaborately designed bindings one on top of another beside him, immersing himself in their reading.
It definitely didn\'t look like it was for his leisure; on the contrary, he exuded impatience, crisis, as though every minute, every second were precious.
The sealed room was dense with dancing dust particles, and the air stagnated with a mix of smells of various elixirs, each giving off its own suspicious stench.
...They were somehow sweet, and heavy.
For anyone with a good nose, the first thing they\'d do after entering would be to open a window and ventilate the room.
The knocking against the study door had been going on for a while.
A voice calling "Father" sometimes mingled with the knocks.
As Kinzo heaved a deep sigh, he snapped shut the old book he had in his hands, and slammed it on the table.
Then, he yelled at Krauss who was continuing to knock on the door.
"Silence!!
 Will you not stop that noise, fool!!!
 Who taught you that doors shall be opened unto you if you knock?!
 They crucified that imbecile!!
 Do you wish the same upon yourself?!!"
"......Father.
 Today is the day of the family conference—it comes just once a year.
 Everyone has gathered downstairs.
 Please come out."
Krauss called out to his father through the door.
...Kinzo always shut himself up in the study and hated letting even his family into the room.
For that reason, Krauss had no choice but to call out thus from the corridor...
"Molest me not!!
 Everyone? Who is "everyone"?! You refer to the fools trying to drag me out of here?!!"
"Then kill them all!
 Chop them up, make them into firewood, feed them to the witch\'s hearth!!
 Put a pot in that hearth and boil wormwood!
 And if still there remain imbeciles foolish enough to dare try to lure me out of here, force them to drink that broth of the Apocalypse!
 Preserve the remainder in liquor!"
"Aah, Genji, where are you?!
 Call for Genji!!
 Have my demonic absinthe prepared!
 The whispering of the green fairy reaches me no longer!!
 Aah, where is Genji, call for GenjiiIii!!!"
...Before the door, Krauss, Nanjo, and Genji kept waiting for the master of the house, who would not come out.
"Hmph...
 ......Looks like he hates me to his core.
 My voice doesn\'t reach him anymore."
Krauss shrugged as though saying "It\'s no use", and smiled bitterly.
...He himself hadn\'t believed for a moment that his father would answer his calls.
However, as it was the duty of the eldest son, he had formally made the request.
"......Kinzo‐san.
 Your sons, daughters, and grandchildren have come to see you, you know...
 How about you show your face, just a little...?"
"Shut up, be silent!!!
 You dare admonish me, Nanjo?!!
 I do not call for you, I said to call for Genji!!
 Now hurry, call for him this instant!
 Time is short—the apostles are already readying their trumpets—why do you not understand this, you foolish sheep!!"
Kinzo slammed the old, heavy book on the table over and over.
The racket obviously indicated his highest displeasure.
Kinzo put his spectacles down and flew up from his chair.
He spread his arms wide open, as if to sing to a packed opera house, as if appealing to someone, and yelled.
"Why?!
 Why is there always something in my way?!
 I would throw it all away, I would offer up everything, and there is only one thing I ask in repayment!!"
"Ohh, BEATRICE, if I could see your smile but one more time, I would plunder the smiles of the Earth and offer them all up to you!!
 Oooh, commanders of the locust legions, reap the smiles of the Earth, *coughcough*, *haaack* *kofkof*!!!
 Ahh, all is filthy, all is irksome!!"
"Why must I suffer this impediment on this most precious of days?!?!
 *haaack*kofkofkof*!!
 *cough*cough*!!!
 Call for GenjiiIii!!!
 *haaack*kofkof*!!"
"......I have no idea what he\'s yelling.
 I guess he\'s finally gone nuts."
"Krauss‐san...
 Isn\'t that a bit harsh, to your birth father..."
"My dad is already dead.
 ......All that\'s here is a phantom of what he once was.
 At any rate, as long as he lacks the will to leave that room, there\'s nothing we can do."
".....................Kinzo‐san."
Choking coughs continued to pour from the study...
"I\'m going back downstairs.
 ......It would be a waste to let that lunch Gohda\'s so proud of get any colder.
 It\'s one of the few things the others have to look forward to here.
 ...Hmph."
Krauss spun on his heels.
He looked at his wristwatch, mumbling and acting as though he had wasted time doing something he knew would be in vain.
"Genji‐san.
 ......Father is calling for you.
 Keep him company."
".........Certainly."
"Doctor Nanjo.
 Let\'s go eat.
 ......If we stay here any longer, even our sense of taste will go insane from this sweet smell."
Without waiting for Nanjo, Krauss went downstairs.
Genji urged Nanjo to go and eat.
...Nanjo looked first to Krauss\'s back as he disappeared down the stairs, then to the study door, and he let out a deep sigh.
"......Sorry, Genji‐san.
 Please."
"Yes, ......please leave it to me."
"If possible, don\'t give him alcohol.
 ......It\'s too powerful a habit."
"Is Genji not here yet?!!!
 Who dares keep Genji from coming?!!
 Ahh, where is Genji, call for Genji!!!"
"Now,
 ......please leave it to me."
"...Mm.
 .........Sorry."
Nanjo gave a small duck of his head and descended the stairs...
Genji saw him off, and knocked at the study door.
"..........My lord.
 It is Genji."
"Genji!!
 Why must you make me wait so long?!!
 There is no one there, I trust?!"
"Yes.
 I am alone."
Kinzo returned to his seat in the study and pressed an old‐fashioned switch on the table.
...After a small delay, the heavy sound of the door unlocking could be heard.
Kinzo believed that his family might try to break into his study.
Perhaps someone once opened the window for some air and scattered some important documents or something,
 and that had made him extremely upset.
...Now, Kinzo had placed a secure lock in his room,
 making it so that without his permission nobody could enter, and locking himself in the dungeon he himself created.
Genji, who he trusted the most, was relatively free to enter the room, but even that was not absolute.
If Kinzo was in a bad mood, even he wouldn\'t be able to enter.
.........Anyone else would be limited to holding a conversation through the door, not even seeing his face.
And most of the time, they wouldn\'t even get a real conversation.
However, that didn\'t pose any particular problem for the family.
That was because they had no reason to go out of their way to interfere with the retirement of the cantankerous and aged head; the fact that he was completely immersed in his odd research and always locked up in his hideaway was something of a benefit.
......They made the most of his refusal to leave the study, entrusting him to the hands of the servants, while they themselves kept their distance.
"Genji, my usual.
 I\'m busy."
"......Yes."
Genji headed to a corner of the study.
There, suspicious‐looking bottles boasting venomous colors were on display.
...They were actually liquor, but considering that they were placed in this shady‐looking room, you could almost suspect that they might be ghastly poisons.
The inside of the study was filled with the mountainous library of outlandish books that Kinzo had amassed.
They were bizarre old books, some banned, and each and every one of them either forbidden, cursed, or sealed.
Of course, if one were to actually call them old books, Kinzo would fly into a rage and say something like this:
"Call them...
grimoires!"
There were candles which had melted in a suspicious‐looking fashion and taken on peculiar forms, and all manner of other strange objects, probably having something to do with black magic.
The constellations covering the celestial globe would have caused anyone who knew the night sky well to raise an eyebrow.
The illustrations inscribed in old books, haphazardly left open, ranged from the religious and mystical...
to the demonic and grotesque, as well as bizarre diagrams of various magic circles.
And above all, the sweet, poisonous smell that filled the room,
 which to those entering for the first time would surely be a profound assault on their sense of sight, smell, and all their other senses, making them lose their grip on reality...
Inside that study, Genji, with his well trained hand, prepared Kinzo\'s usual drink.
If you didn\'t know that the ghastly dark green liquid that filled the complexly designed bottle was liquor, you certainly wouldn\'t want to put it in your mouth.
......He poured a small quantity of the spirit into the glass,
 placed a cube of sugar in a strangely shaped spoon, and then poured water from a pitcher over it.
Strangely, when the colorless water was poured into it, the dark green liquid turned a cloudy white.
...It created the strange visual illusion that the water had caused a chemical reaction, which made it all the more difficult to perceive the concoction as liquor.
To this, he added an original flavoring that Kinzo liked, and fine‐tuned the taste.
...There was no recipe.
 Its success was measured only by Kinzo\'s mood swing when he drank it, and he had learned how to make it only after many decades.
Genji placed the glass on a tray, and made his way over to Kinzo.
Kinzo was now gazing out the window.
".........As you asked, my lord."
"Thank you..."
Kinzo had regained his composure—so much so that he was now unrecognizable as the man who had been shouting, screaming and yelling just moments before.
In that man\'s back dwelt a dignity and intelligence made plain simply by how he tilted his glass and gazed down at the scenery beyond the window.
Genji, in order to allow Kinzo to set down his glass any time,
 motionlessly waited behind and to his left, as though he were a living sideboard.
 As he did, Kinzo stuck out just the glass, his gaze still directed at the world outside the window.
There was just a mouthful remaining.
It was not a gesture intended to set it upon the tray, as Genji expected, but was a motion to hand the glass over to Genji.
"......Drink it.
 ...My friend."
".....................That is more than I deserve."
"No need for ceremony between us.
 ......Drink it.
 Friend."
"...............Thank you."
Genji respectfully received the glass and inclined it a little to taste its contents.
Then, he downed it in one gulp.
"I attempted to imitate your concoction, but no matter how I try, I cannot replicate the taste.
 ......The way you make it is pure relish."
".........Thank you very much.
 It is the fruit of your guidance, my lord."
"Hmph..."
Kinzo smiled at his loyal subject who refused to put aside rank even when asked to.
However, he was not making fun of him; it was relaxed, like a smile at a close friend\'s unriddable bad habit.
".........We have grown old, you and I.
 I forgot my age a long time ago."
"That I was permitted to live the life I have until today has all been thanks to you, my lord."
Kinzo gave a thin smile, as if to say he didn\'t need compliments.
".........You have served me exceedingly well these years.
 ......My sons call me eccentric.
 The servants that were once many, all of them, retired in their growing fear of me.
 ......Only you, even now, serve me."
"...That is more than I deserve."
".........I doubt I have much time left to live.
 ......My sons are vultures, lazily waiting for my inheritance to fall into their hands."
"........................"
"That fool Krauss squanders money like water, throws away two gold coins to obtain one.
 With that, he deludes himself into saying he earned money!!
 Eva is a slave to money, thinking of me as a hen or whatnot!!
 As if when I die, she\'ll even use my carcass to make broth!!"
"That dunce Rudolf just wants to fool around with women!!
 Rosa bore the baby of a nobody!!
 Jessica is incompetent and illiterate!!
 George has none of what it takes to be a man!
 Battler is a fool who threw away the honor of the Ushiromiya family!!
 And Maria is obscene to the eye!!"
"Why, why is the Ushiromiya blood so incompetent?!!
 Is there anyone worthy to inherit the glory I built?!
 Ahh, of course, I know, this is BEATRICE\'s curse, I know it!!
 ...Aah, Golden Witch, is this supposed to be your revenge against me?"
"Hate me if you wish!
 Run away if you wish!!
 I won\'t let you go, I won\'t let you go won\'t let you go won\'t let you go!!
 You are mine!!
 You cannot be anywhere but in my arms!
 You are my entire life!"
"You\'ll continue to whisper for all eternity in my bird cage to me, only to me!!
 BEATRICE......
 Why...won\'t you give me back your smile...
 OOOoooooh, OOOooOOOoooh...!!
 BEATRICEEEEEEEEEEE!!
 OOOoooOOOOoohh......"
After howling, Kinzo choked once again.
Genji set the tray and the glass down and patted his master\'s back...
Genji\'s facial expression did not change.
.........It was always like this.
"............*cough*...
 Hmhm.
 ............Thank you, my friend."
"........................"
After his almost deranged outburst of the past few minutes settled down, Kinzo regained his composure once more.
...The way his attitude changed was like seeing two different people, a wild Kinzo and a composed Kinzo, living together inside one body.
"And so,
 ......I have decided.
 .....................I cannot stand spending the insipid remainder of my life procrastinating like this.
 If I have any final coins left to gamble, then I choose to abandon them all to the whims of the Demons\' Roulette."
"......The power of magic is always determined by the risk staked upon it.
 Like visiting a shrine at the Hour of the Ox in ancient Japanese sorcery, to nail a curse doll to a tree.
 The magic power dwells in incurring the risk that it will be seen before seven days pass.
 The more dangerous the risk, the stronger the magic power will be."
"All the various miracles that appear in myth can be called crystals of astonishing magic power, obtained through miraculously low probabilities and astronomical risks!"
"That Moses parted the sea was no miracle of God\'s—
it was that utterly desperate risk, weighed upon the scales of oppression, of being cornered by soldiers on the Red Sea\'s shores, which gave birth to miraculous magic power!
 Even if the same thing occurs again, on the same scope, the sea will no doubt not part."
"That is because Moses managed to spectacularly draw out the single miracle carved in the roulette of those in power, which has more pockets than asougi (10⁵⁶) and nayuta (10⁶⁰) multiplied together."
"The power to triumph over astronomical odds!!
 Yes, magical power is, in other words, having the luck to grasp miracles!!
 To obtain great magical power, one must bear a risk that is hopelessly great!!
 Those who possess no magic would call this not a bet, but pure desperation!"
"However, those who truly do possess magical power can grasp hold of that miracle and make the enigma come into being!!
 And if that power exists within me!
 I will seize that miracle, I will be able to make the wish I devoted my life towards come true!!"
Kinzo looked up to the sky outside the window.
He spread his arms as if appealing to someone up in the skies.
"And if...!!!
 If I were to have what it takes to obtain that miracle...!!
 .........Oooh...
BEATRICE...
BEATRICE...
 Show me your lovely smile once more..."
"No matter how much time passes, your face does not vanish...
 I just want to see your smile...that is all...!
 I\'ll return everything you granted me!
 I\'ll return all the glory I\'ve gained since that day!
 I don\'t need fortune, prestige, gold!!
 I\'ll return everything you granted me!!"
"I just want to see your smile!!
 I beg of you, BEATRICE!!
 OOOoooooOooh...oOoOOoh...ooh...!!"
......His nonsensical yells segued into a scream, ...and then into a wail.
Kinzo crumpled onto the floor, and clawed at it with both hands.
Genji had no choice but to wordlessly watch over his master\'s lament...
"Well, ladies and gentlemen.
 ......The head of the family is not in his best shape.
 He considers it a great shame that he will not be able to partake in lunch with you all, you having assembled especially for this long‐awaited yearly meeting."
"......Gohda, let the lunch begin."
"Certainly. Well then, ladies and gentlemen, we shall begin today\'s luncheon."
"......Doctor Nanjo, is Father\'s condition that bad?
 Surely he could have at least showed his face?"
"Rather than his physical condition, it\'s his mood...
 And for that, there is no medicine I can prescribe."
"Oh, come on, for God\'s sake, "mood", again?
 We come to hear how he\'s doing, making time in our schedules in this damn busy season of autumn.
 That\'s just—"
"Hmph...then you got what you wanted, Rudolf.
 You managed to hear how he\'s doing.
 ......Or do you want to take my place, and try to persuade our ill‐humored father to come join us?"
"............Are you kidding?"
Rudolf shrugged.
Apparently, even though Rudolf seemed to resent the way his father did whatever he pleased, he\'d rather avoid seeing his face if he could help it.
"Does it seem like his mood will improve before dinner?
 Krauss nii‐san?"
"I have no idea.
 You can try to ask Father directly.
 ...Although, I think his mood will improve faster if we don\'t bother him."
"The only one who can bring Grandfather\'s temper under control is Genji‐san.
 Pretty damn pathetic when you have to have a servant to deal with your own parent\'s bad mood."
"Jessica.
 Don\'t speak out of turn."
She\'d planned for her complaint to be heard only by her cousins, but it had reached even Krauss\'s ears.
Scolded, Jessica scowled and turned away, sulking.
"......His condition can\'t be that bad, can it, with that kinda temper?
 I mean, if they were saying he\'s not feeling well that\'d be one thing, but if it\'s his mood that\'s bad, at least it\'s proof he\'s got some fight in him."
"Well, Grandfather does have especially strong willpower.
 ...But, it doesn\'t mean that his body will always follow that.
 Since last year, they keep saying that he has three months left."
"...If the initial diagnosis was correct, Grandfather has been prolonging his life by willpower alone.
 ......We have to be concerned for him."
Lunch started with the family head\'s seat still empty.
...The man who should have been sitting there was already old,
 and the brilliant glory which had rebuilt the Ushiromiya family in a single lifetime was slowly being forgotten.
Nobody seemed to feel uncomfortable when the meal began with that seat still empty...
