The Ushiromiya family conference was held once every year.
{n}It took place on the first weekend of October.
If a normal family were to use a pretentious name like "family conference",
 you\'d expect it to be nothing more than a reunion of rarely seen relatives who greet each other surrounded by buckets of sushi.
However, in the Ushiromiya family, where the sons and siblings are lent great fortunes,
 and only those that achieve success in business are considered adults, it literally was a conference.
How much of the fortune was invested? What kind of business was conducted? How much was earned?
As a result, how much of the fortune borrowed from the main family could be repaid?
{n}Or, alternatively, how much would be borrowed for future business ventures?
{n}What lessons had they learned, and what could they learn from their mistakes?
It seems that topics like these had been discussed very seriously in the past.
My dad called it a bed of nails.
Apparently, it used to be a very serious family meeting, where one would commonly be showered with harsh and angry voices, and even get slapped in the face despite being well past the age for it.
However, that was all a thing of the past.
By now, everyone had achieved success in their own independent business ventures,
 and it was on the road to becoming a normal yearly get‐together.
Even so, being asked by Grandfather about the current state of play was an extremely stress‐inducing event,
 and while to us grandchildren it was nothing more than a simple meeting, to our parents it was still a real stomachache.
The absence of the man responsible for all this, whatever the reason behind it, must surely have made today\'s lunch even more delicious.
The phrase "when the cat is away, the mice will play" comes to mind.
Well then, let me introduce Jessica\'s father, whose face I haven\'t seen for six years.
The man sitting to my dad\'s left is his older brother and the father of Jessica,
 Uncle {p:0:蔵臼}.
......This name sure is easy to read.
 Krauss ({p:0:蔵臼}).
...After so many weird names, it warps your sense of what\'s normal, and you start to think,
 "hey, what\'s wrong with Krauss,
 sounds pretty cool actually"...
Just like with Aunt Natsuhi, I don\'t have many memories of speaking with Uncle Krauss.
He had never been one to talk to children, and I felt like he was always talking with the adults, just like Aunt Natsuhi.
From the way my dad talked about him, it seems that he used to be a pretty spiteful and unreasonable person.
If what Dad said is true, he used to be very domineering as the oldest sibling,
 and was hated by Auntie Eva, Auntie Rosa, and the rest of the family.
......Odd, considering they\'re all having fun chatting together.
Well, I guess even if their relationship was bad when they were children, sometimes when people grow up and go their separate ways, their relationship changes.
That\'s probably what this is.
After all, they all have children of about the same age.
Since they share similar family environments, they probably all profit by exchanging opinions.
Maybe because of that, the parents\' circle has been deep in conversation for a while now about the exams Jessica and I are going to be taking.
Jessica, in order to escape the discussion of exams with the old bastard sitting on her left,
 was purposefully facing to the right, firing off topic after topic so as not to give him an opening.
Moving on, let\'s look at the end opposite from Uncle Krauss and the others.
In the very last seat at the table, an old gentleman with a sturdy physique sat facing Kyrie‐san.
 This was my first time meeting him.
I had only just been introduced to him, but it seems that he\'s Grandfather\'s personal doctor, a man called Nanjo ({p:0:南條}).
Apparently he used to own a huge clinic on the nearby Niijima island, but he turned it over to his son and then began living a life of leisure in his old age.
He\'s known Grandfather since the very beginning when the mansion was first constructed on this island, and they have a history going back several decades.
I thought he might be Grandfather\'s companion in his suspicious hobbies, but, surprisingly, it seems that he\'s Grandfather\'s chess partner.
......I see, that kind of hobby does seem very like our grandfather, with his love of Western style.
You could probably also call him the only person able to enter Rokkenjima who is neither a family member nor a servant.
From listening in on his conversation with the womenfolk seated near him, he gave the impression of a calm old gentleman.
......Considering he\'s managed to put up with our short‐tempered grandfather for so long, I\'m sure his big heart is nothing to laugh at.
...Still, even if he is his doctor, having someone from outside the Ushiromiya family attending the family conference is a little odd.
From that fact, I imagine that Grandfather\'s condition has grown much worse,
 and it may even be one of the major topics of discussion at the family conference...
George‐aniki was just saying it, too.
{n}For the past year, Grandfather has been continually pronounced as having very little time left to live.
...It\'s awful to talk about, but Grandfather is an extremely rich man.
{n}At the time of his death, his wealth will suddenly be released, along with our parents\' stomach acid, surely leading to some serious ulcers.
With this kind of thing, the greater the number of ways it must be split, the more trouble will be caused splitting it.
...This kind of talk would probably also be included in the family conference.
{n}...Oh well, it\'s not like it has anything to do with us children.
......Finally, even though he\'s absent, let me introduce our Grandfather.
The person who should be sitting in that seat of honor is Ushiromiya Kinzo ({p:0:金蔵}).
...It really sucks.
 He gave everyone else in the family these weird names, but he himself uses one which is conservative as all hell.
If only his name were written with those same characters for "gold" and "vault", but he let us call him "Goldsmith" or something,
 that\'d be totally awesome!
As you can probably gather from all the talk about him, he\'s a frightening person with an extremely short temper.
...Because I\'m just his grandkid, and haven\'t met him since I was in elementary school six years ago,
 I don\'t remember ever having been beaten by him, but it seems that our parents were raised with an iron fist.
That earlier conversation between my dad and Uncle Krauss,
 about who should go try to convince Grandfather to come out, seems oddly funny if you take this into account.
In order to tell Grandfather\'s story, you have to take yourself all the way back to before the {ruby:1926–1989:Showa} era, to recount the tale of the Ushiromiya family.
Until the {ruby:1868–1912:Meiji} and {ruby:1912–1926:Taisho} eras, the Ushiromiya family was great and prosperous.
They owned several spinning mills, and were very wealthy people who merely had to fall about laughing while the money rolled in.
Incidentally, Grandfather, as a member of a branch family, originally had nothing to do with the main family.
Distantly separated from the head\'s inheritance, he apparently had very little involvement with the head house.
However, during the Great Kanto Earthquake in 1923, the mansion owned by the Ushiromiya main family in Odawara was flattened.
The spinning mills in Tokyo were all burned down in a huge fire,
 and the Ushiromiya family lost most of its wealth and family members in an instant.
It then became a matter of who would become the heir to the main family, and as it turned out, none were left except for Kinzo, who was as far removed from the main family line as they come.
Kinzo himself later said that it was such good luck, it was as though fate itself had been turned upside‐down.
With that, Grandfather\'s ordinary life did a 180.
{n}He was entrusted with reviving the wealth that the dying Ushiromiya family had almost completely lost.
Of course, just because you suddenly dump a task on someone doesn\'t mean they can do squat to accomplish it.
{n}I doubt the people around him were expecting much.
But this is where Grandfather began to display his extraordinary talent and good luck.
Grandfather used all of the family funds, and everything from the hair on his head to his toenails, as collateral to borrow a massive amount of money,
 created a gigantic supply of funds, and immediately started a business.
It was like tumbling down a hill on a bike without any brakes.
And then, jumping onto a neighboring bike, and then another one!
 Just like some crazy street performance.
 Probably, anyone would have thought that Grandfather had no business ability.
But with an unbelievable amount of good luck and miracles, with coincidences piling up and every chance taken advantage of,
 before anyone knew it, he had forged powerful connections with the Allied forces.
At that time, MacArthur and the GHQ were in charge of Japan.
Grandfather, in a twinkle of the eye, began succeeding in business under the protection of the occupying forces, quickly becoming very rich.
At this point, it was no longer luck but information that won the day.
He must have made some seriously thick connections with the occupying forces.
......Grandfather knew about the emergency demands that would be made for the Korean War, before they happened.
No, more than that, he must have foreseen these special procurements and started penetrating those markets from the very beginning.
History textbooks say that all of Japan made a large profit off the emergency demands for the Korean War, but that wasn\'t the case in reality.
Only a very limited number of the super‐rich played the money game and made an easy profit.
Most of the citizens remained poor.
{n}......In other words, Grandfather was an extremely lucky member of this group of winners.
This all happened...during the year {ruby:Showa 25:1950}, I think?
{n}And since the year of the Great Kanto Earthquake was {ruby:Taisho 12:1923}...
......that means Grandfather was able to revive the near‐dead Ushiromiya family, to a level even higher than it had been before, in the span of only twenty to thirty years.
With that, you\'d think that he would revive the main family in Odawara,
 but for some reason, he went and did something as crazy as buying an entire small island in the Izu Archipelago.
Buying an entire island is not something that you can ordinarily do today.
However, Grandfather was clever.
{n}He contacted the GHQ and applied for the establishment of a marine resource base.
He acquired this island as a business property, and then reneged on it and claimed it as his own plot of land.
After the war there were prevention measures against food shortages, and, furthermore, he had the sponsorship of the GHQ, which meant that nobody could oppose him.
It seems that Tokyo provided the land for next to no money at the time.
Tokyo later made repeated complaints for the land to be returned, but not much could be done due to the involvement of the GHQ, even though they\'d been pushed into it.
No doubt he\'d bribed everyone there was to bribe.
{n}In the end, the city gave up in frustration.
Grandfather, with considerable skill and blessed with good luck, managed to weather the stormy seas of that period,
 obtaining a vast fortune and his own island.
Of course, it wasn\'t all luck.
{n}He was skilled with English, and this was cultivated by his Western obsession.
{n}It was by using that as a weapon that he was able to make inroads into the GHQ.
A mansion was immediately built on the island.
 That would be this mansion.
Grandfather, who had always loved the West, made this once uninhabited island, Rokkenjima, a canvas upon which he could realize his dreams to his heart\'s content.
The Western mansion that he had always imagined, overflowing with emotion; the beautiful garden where various roses had been planted.
And a private beach where nobody other than himself would ever be permitted to leave a footprint.
......To have this much would be every man\'s dream.
After that, making good use of his huge fortune,
 he became a large stock holder in the extremely stable iron and steel industry, and was able to live an easy and comfortable life just using the dividends.
Well, he\'s just that incredible.
This kind of person normally gets portrayed after the fact as having the ability to foresee and predict the future or something,
 but Grandfather denies all of that,
 repeatedly saying that he was simply blessed with extraordinary luck...
......Anyway, even a lord like that, with all of his dreams made real,
 can\'t help but grow increasingly odd when locked up alone on an island.
Everyone knows he\'s been obsessed with the West for a very long time,
 ...but none of our parents really knows when his bizarre black magic hobby began.
Perhaps his love of black magic began way back when he became fascinated with the West,
 or, possibly, his miraculous stretch of good luck which allowed him to revive the family caused him to feel a mysterious power in himself.
...At some point, Grandfather began to make the research of black magic his life\'s work,
 filling his study up with suspicious books, chemicals, and magical items as he became increasingly bizarre.
These being the few remaining years of a person successful in life, those around him "warmly" watched over him, feeling the time was his to spend as he pleased...or so I hear, but...
.........No way in hell that\'s true.
 They probably were just driven away, thinking "that\'s disturbing, I don\'t want to get involved".
Well, ...that war‐torn period was a time for big gambles, with both opportunities and risks.
I\'d like to see Grandfather do so well if he\'d been born in this time period.
He would\'ve had no opportunities, and would probably have advanced like a chess piece from mandatory education to college at a leisurely pace,
 never becoming more than an average company employee.
If that had happened, he\'d probably be sitting here with the rest of us, regaling us with tales of his shitty boss.
No, no—not here, in the dining hall of a mansion—we might have been around a table at some bar.
If that were the case, I\'m sure that this would have been a more comfortable family conference.
Alright, that\'s enough talk about the old geezer who won\'t pop off.
{n}More importantly, let\'s talk about this incre~dible lunch!!
"I was already sold by the sashimi salad!
 Gohda‐san is one hell of a chef!
 Plus, these fish were caught in the oceans near here, weren\'t they?
 The sashimi you get at the supermarket don\'t even come close!"
"Hey, quit it, Battler.
 Your upbringing will be exposed."
Everyone let out a big laugh.
Damn it, you say that even though you love those cheap pubs.
"Hahahaha.
 My job occasionally leads me to eat at some quite interesting places, but even compared to those, this is an excellent dish.
 I imagine you could have become reasonably well‐known in that field, Gohda‐san."
"I don\'t know too much about it, but...
at the famous hotel where he used to work, employee politics got pretty complicated and everyone split into factions.
 In the middle of all that, he was apparently forced to retire.
 And, it just so happened that Mom had job offers for a servant out at the same time."
As Gohda cleared away the empty plates, he began to recount his own eventful past, never losing his smile.
"......The world is a difficult place.
 However, it is thanks to this that I was given a chance to display my skills as a chef once again, this time for the Ushiromiya family."
"Although I also enjoy the smiles of a larger number of people,
 it is also extremely entertaining to be able to perform delicate work in order to please solely the limited number of people I have pledged to serve.
 All of this is thanks to the opportunity given to me by Madam."
Gohda‐san respectfully bowed his head towards Aunt Natsuhi.
"That is because among all of the applicants, you were the most talented.
 The decision was not based on personal feelings, but purely objective, so there is no need to thank me."
...Oh man, why does Aunt Natsuhi always have to speak so frankly.
If only she spoke more gently, she might give off a different impression.
Shannon‐chan and Kumasawa‐san entered from the hallway with a serving cart.
"......Please excuse us."
"Now then, let us move on to today\'s dessert."
Gohda‐san and the others laid out the beautifully adorned dessert.
I guess it\'s true when they say you have another stomach for desserts...
I\'d thought that being fed all that delicious food had totally filled me up,
 but as soon as I laid eyes on the dessert, my stomach started yelling "More!"
I don\'t know much about desserts, but this looked really good.
A white pudding‐like substance was garnished with two shades of red sauce,
 and elegant rose petals adorned the dish.
When you dine on such magnificent food as this, first it is distributed in front of everybody, and then the chef takes a moment to extol the virtues of his creation.
 Until he has finished, as a rule, you don\'t touch the food.
However, Maria, who had no experience with these ceremonious rules, got excited by this beautiful and delicious‐looking dessert and jumped into the fray as soon as it was placed before her.
Auntie Rosa scolded her, calling it bad manners, but George responded by saying "Now, now, it\'s alright."
"Uu?!
 This one\'s sour!
 This one\'s sour!
 Battler, the wrong one is this one!
 Uu!"
Maria exclaimed as she sampled the two colored sauces.
"What, there\'s a right one and a wrong one?! Alright, I\'ll give it a go~!
 Mmmmm?!"
Apparently the two sauces were one sweet and one sour.
{n}Despite it being bad manners, I also stuck my little finger in and licked it.
Whoa, one of them was sour enough to make you pucker up.
{n}If it were yellow, I\'d have suspected lemon, but I couldn\'t guess what kind of sourness would be red.
I decided to ask Shannon, who was putting away the serving cart behind us.
"Shannon‐chan, what kind of sauce is this sour stuff?"
"......Umm......
............err...
......u..."
Shannon‐chan hesitated to speak.
Maybe she was just setting the table and doesn\'t really know.
{n}She\'s hesitating a bit much for that, though.
{n}......Did I ask something wrong?
Or did they use something that we\'d be better off not knowing about?
While Aunt Natsuhi acted as though she had a headache, Kumasawa‐san, who was setting the other side of the table, began to laugh with a "hoh‐hoh‐ho".
"What do you think we made it out of?
 Hoh‐hoh‐ho, it\'ll shock you..."
"Huh? ...I, I don\'t have a clue.
 And, Kumasawa baa‐san, that laugh creeps me the hell out.
 So, what is it?!"
"......Don\'t tell anyone, alright?
 Let me borrow your ears."
Kumasawa‐san leaned across from the other side of the table.
 She\'d asked to borrow my ears, so I leaned forward too.
 Their interest caught, Jessica, George‐aniki, and, of course, Maria, also put their ears closer.
"Uu.
 What?
 Whaat?
 Tell mee!
 Tell mee!"
"The sour part is, well...
 ......Actually, it\'s squeezed juice from a mackerel, hoh‐hoh‐ho!"
"""WHAT, mackerel?!?!"""
"Don\'t be ridiculous," we all thought, horrified.
{n}Only Maria accepted it, nodding with an "uh‐huh".
"Uu?
 Mackerels are sour.
 If you squeeze them, this comes out!"
""...ha, wahahahahaha...!""
When Maria started clamoring that mackerel were sour, the adults were unable to contain their laughter.
"You\'ve got it wrong, that\'s vinegared mackerel!"
Auntie Rosa said to Maria in a small voice while turning red.
Ahhhh, now I remember it perfectly.
{n}Kumasawa‐san was always this kind of a character, wasn\'t she?
{n}I think I remember her tricking me about all kinds of things when I was young as well!
Amongst all of them, the most painful must have been that one!
{n}That flimsy black stuff you get in Chinese food!
 Kikurage mushrooms!
{n}She told me it was penguin meat and I went all around school like a smartass telling everyone, didn\'t I?!
"Kumasawa baa‐chan, you sure haven\'t changed...!
 You know Maria\'s gonna believe now, right?"
"Hoh‐hoh‐ho, it\'s just a joke!
 Gohda‐san will tell you what the sauce is in just a moment!"
Gohda‐san looked a little put out from having his masterpiece laughed at in such a strange way,
 but after clearing his throat once, he introduced the dessert to us.
"Well then, allow me to describe tonight\'s dessert.
 Based on the rose garden that everyone seemed to enjoy so much today, I finished this panna cotta in a rose garden style.
 The rose petals scattered across were selected just now from that rose garden."
"For the sauces, I have prepared two different reds for you, strawberry and rose hip.
 Please enjoy the strawberry\'s sweetness and the rose hip\'s sourness in turn.
 Finally, the rose petals are merely decoration, so please set them aside before eating.
 With that said, please, enjoy."
......Hahhh... ...Man, I almost want to applaud before I\'ve even eaten it.
It\'s like when you take medicine, you know, how it seems to work better when you\'ve read the instructions.
Thanks to Gohda‐san elaborating on the details of this dessert, I feel like he\'s knocked it up another notch.
Seriously, should you call him meticulous or just talented?
The dessert was probably planned from the beginning, but he took a cue from our stopping in front of the rose garden earlier today,
 and displayed an incredibly timely awareness of the season by just adding a few rose petals from that garden.
This combination of sweet and sour was also exquisite.
{n}If it was just sweet, you\'d just get used to it and become bored halfway through.
But by bringing in the sour sauce at that point, you get a really vivid taste.
 And then, once you return to the sweet sauce, all of the sourness in your mouth is replaced with an enjoyable sweetness again.
I\'m sure everyone else felt the same way.
Every time Gohda‐san passed by one of the seats, someone praised the taste and his creation.
"How is it, Madam?"
"Splendid, as always.
 It is a worthy treat for our guests."
"I am most grateful for your words.
 ......Madam, did you know?
 I have heard that rose hip has the ability to cure headaches.
 I thought that you especially would appreciate it, so I had it specially prepared."
"...Is that so?
 Thank you."
"See, didn\'t I tell you, Natsuhi nee‐san?
 Rose hip works on headaches."
"So it seems.
 ...I can only hope it has some effect."
"Haahh!
 Gohda‐san, I love ya!
 Hey, later, whisper me how much compensation you\'re gettin\' for this, won\'t ya?!
 If you\'re sworn to silence, you can stick up some fingers instead, let me know your price!"
"Havin\' your talent monopolized by this small island is sacrilege to humanity\'s cookin\' culture!
 Wouldn\'t you be willin\' to display your talent to all the customers at my company?"
"Hahaha, Hideyoshi‐san.
 Are you trying to recruit our Gohda?
 How troubling.
 We had better make some improvements to his salary, or he\'ll get snatched away."
"*giggle* Yes, you really should.
 If you don\'t, he\'ll be lured away and you\'ll be stuck with three meals a day of Kumasawa‐style mackerel cooking, won\'t you?"
"Hoh‐hoh‐ho, that is indeed harsh.
 It seems someone\'s holding a grudge."
"""Wahahahahaha!!!"""
Everyone let out a huge laugh.
According to Jessica, Kumasawa‐san\'s "mackerel jokes" were a type of running gag,
 and our parents had long since gotten used to it.
Kumasawa‐san often claimed that mackerel contained precious nutrients that could do things such as prevent aging and make people smarter.
...It seemed that while it couldn\'t stop the outward signs of aging, it helped prevent aging on the inside.
Since she was still healthy enough to tell these kinds of jokes at her age, that benefit must be the real thing.
"Hoh‐hoh‐ho...
 Well then, if you\'ll excuse me.
 Prepare yourself for tonight\'s dinner!
 I\'ll be cooking plenty of mackerel dishes for you to eat, so look forward to it!"
"Wahahaha, we sure will.
 I want to treat myself to some vinegared mackerel tonight!"
"That sounds wonderful.
 I wonder if any delicious Japanese sake will be included."
"Oh, it certainly will!
 How about some of our famous Rokkenjima mackerel liquor..."
"""Wahahahahaha!!!"""
Kumasawa‐san, together with Shannon‐chan, bowed and pushed the serving cart away.
Amusingly, Gohda‐san, who looked just as though his stock had been stolen from him, explained very seriously that tonight\'s dinner would actually be calf steak.
"......Umm...
.........Kumasawa‐san, ...thank you for doing that back there..."
As she pushed the serving cart, Shannon bowed her head very deeply.
"Hoh‐hoh‐ho, I haven\'t done a~nything that requires thanks."
Kumasawa played dumb, but it was no accident that she had thrown Shannon a lifeline.
Back when Battler had asked for the details of the dessert, Shannon had unfortunately hesitated.
There may have been several ways to dodge the question, but all of them should have been delivered deftly.
Shannon, who hesitated when hard pressed for a response, was always suffering because of this small weakness.
If only Shannon, like Gohda, had a little of the craftiness needed to skillfully shake off a mistake, her days would be a little more comfortable.
...This weakness was especially unfortunate considering how flawlessly she could handle her work.
Of course, there were those who well understood Shannon\'s meek nature and her inability to remember to gloss over her mistakes.
...Which is why Kumasawa came to her aid without hesitation.
"I just heard from Genji‐san that there\'s been a change to the afternoon shifts.
 I believe you were given a break until this evening.
 Hoh‐hoh‐ho, I am jealous."
"Huh, ...ah, I\'m sorry—I haven\'t checked the list of shifts yet."
"Ah, yes.
 I was thinking I might start cooking some mackerel in the oven.
 If you don\'t mind, I would be happy if you would help out a bit before your break."
"Ah, yes...!
 I would be delighted to help."
To Shannon, Kumasawa was like a mother among the servants.
The dining hall needed to be cleaned up, so we were chased out.
{n}Instead, tea would be served in the parlor.
It seemed that they would be preparing the black tea that Auntie Rosa had bought for Aunt Natsuhi.
Maria insisted that she also wanted to drink the black tea, but was rejected by the old bastard, who told her and the rest of us kids to go play outside.
"Battler‐kun, why don\'t we all go for a walk outside?"
"Go look at the roses or something.
 But keep a close eye on the weather.
 The sky\'s still clear, but the weather report kept on talkin\' about rain."
"Uu!
 I want the beach, want the beach!!"
"Ah, isn\'t that a wonderful idea!
 Playing on a sandy beach isn\'t something that you get to do often, is it?"
"I guess not.
 Alright, let\'s all go to the sandy beach then!"
"Uu! Let\'s go, let\'s go!"
"Maria, be careful not to get your clothes wet.
 Your shoes, too."
"Uu!
 Won\'t get wet!"
"*giggle*, so obedient and cu~te.
 Battler‐kun, make sure you keep an eye out for Maria‐chan, okay?"
"Sure thing, leave it to me!"
"Ohh? You\'re pretty cute and obedient too when Kyrie asks you something, huh?
 ...Why don\'t you try listening to me obediently for a change?"
"Heh!
 Hell no!
 Let\'s go everyone, c\'mon!"
The children flew out of the parlor.
They were replaced by Genji, who pushed a serving cart in and prepared the black tea.
The parlor was filled with a sublime aroma which entertained everyone while they waited to appease their thirst...
"Hahahahaha...
 Rudolf, you and your family all seem to get along so well with each other.
 Good for you."
"Oh, please—you have us beat on that front."
"So true.
 Jessica‐chan really has grown into an innocent little thing, hasn\'t she?
 It\'s all the fruit of your training, isn\'t it, Natsuhi nee‐san?"
".........Thank you."
Natsuhi answered coldly.
...With that, the conversation halted, and the parlor became silent.
Possibly because he couldn\'t stand it anymore, Hideyoshi broke the silence while performing an exaggerated gesture.
"Still, they sure do grow fast.
 ...I thought they\'d be kids forever, but they\'ve been gettin\' huge right before my eyes, and before I knew it, they\'ve joined the ranks of us adults.
 Battler‐kun, for one, is beyond recognition!"
"His body has gotten much bigger, but he is still a child.
 Well, my husband is still a child as well."
"...I wonder where the border between child and adult is.
 I still don\'t feel as though I\'ve grown up."
"Hmph, isn\'t that pitiful.
 That\'s not something the mother of a child should say."
"That\'s right.
 We\'re not children anymore.
 We are all adults.
 So I would like it if we could all hold an intellectual discussion without becoming emotional."
When Eva smiled with sharp sarcasm, everything seemed to get more tense.
...It felt like the smell of the tea that had been prepared so carefully just flew out the window.
"We have always strived to hold intellectual discussions.
 ......Your sarcasm is ill‐placed sometimes.
 You\'ve never changed in that respect."
"...‘Always strived’, is it?
 My, my.
 I wish I could wrap those words up and send them to this room a few decades ago.
 Right, Rosa?"
".................."
Rosa smiled with a vague expression.
{n}...Whether she agreed or disagreed, she knew that she would earn the displeasure of either her brother or her sister.
It was a bit of worldly wisdom she had needed to learn as the youngest sibling.
"Quit it, Aneki.
 We should enter into the main topic while the brats aren\'t around, right?
 Let us make that our intellectual discussion."
As Rudolf glanced over the faces of all present, some let out a slight sigh and some let a small look of resignation cross their face.
......This was the unavoidable...
true agenda.
"Last year, his life expectancy was estimated at about three months.
 Which means he\'s already at minus nine.
 The Grim Reaper could come flying through the window in a blind panic at any moment."
".........The family head is still in good health.
 Raising such an inappropriate topic while the sun is still bright...I must question whether you are in your right mind, Rudolf‐san."
"Still, Natsuhi‐san.
 ...If we don\'t discuss this until somethin\' happens, it\'ll be too late.
 He\'s still healthy now, so we\'ve gotta figure out something while we still have some time left over.
 It\'s a kind of financial etiquette."
"It seems as though everyone is concerned about Father.
 ...Doctor Nanjo.
 Could we hear the details from you?
 It seems as though they are also hoping for that."
".....................*cough*."
Nanjo, standing by the window and staring out at the rose garden, let out a single cough when he realized that he was being called.
"......Doctor Nanjo.
 ...How is Father\'s condition?"
"Well, first...
 My estimate last year that he had only three months to live still appears to be making its presence felt, so allow me to start by correcting it."
"No need to explain.
 You\'re saying that measuring remaining life is only a prediction, not a promise, right?"
"...That is correct.
 Because of that, I can offer no definitive answer to the question you all so often ask me, of when he will pass away.
 A human\'s life is supported by their body and their mind.
 ...If the body is weak, the situation becomes more dangerous, but if the mind is strong enough to compensate for that weakness, it is possible to maintain a state of remission."
"So you\'re saying that even if his body is weak, his mind is still firm and spirited."
".........Kyrie, sorry, but please stay quiet for a while."
"......Sorry."
"That is correct.
 Kinzo‐san\'s body has been ravaged by disease.
 With him continuing to partake of that kind of strong liquor on top of all that, I really must think..."
"So booze is the reason he\'s teetering on the edge.
 And booze is also the reason he\'s hanging on.
 Sounds like Dad, the heavy drinker."
"Well then, Doctor, I know you can\'t give anything more than a prediction...
......but what do you think about Father\'s chances of living until this day next year...?"
"That is quite the rude question to ask about the head."
Natsuhi jumped on Eva, unable to hide her astonished expression.
In response, Eva returned a defiant look, but Hideyoshi noticed and tried to smooth things over with a forced smile.
"Ah, Natsuhi‐san, forgive her!
 Eva, try and choose your words a bit more carefully, okay?"
"I\'m sorry.
 I was just so concerned over Father\'s condition.
 *giggle*."
"............Is that so?
 I hadn\'t realized."
"Doctor Nanjo, please tell us.
 For the sake of the beautiful family love of a daughter worried about her father\'s lifespan."
Krauss laughed sarcastically, and Eva, smiling sweetly, returned an identical chuckle.
"...You ask whether he will still be healthy next year,
 ......but it is a very difficult question for me as a doctor.
 While I do think this remission will last for a while yet,
 if he suffers some kind of fit, there may be nothing we can do."
"......After all, Rokkenjima is a solitary island.
 It is not as though an ambulance can come rushing in to save him.
 Normally, I would want to have him hospitalized in a large hospital on the mainland, but..."
"Father stated that he does not want his noble research interrupted.
 ......It seems he holds a grudge over the way we tried to force him out last year.
 Apparently, he strongly suspects that he\'ll be shut away in some hospital if he goes outside.
 And that\'s how things are now."
"Has Doctor Nanjo been examining him?"
"Father trusts Doctor Nanjo.
 ...It seems he can be examined when in a good mood."
"......I can examine his condition, but if I try to recommend medicine or hospitalization, he refuses to listen.
 ......I\'ve really only been able to look."
"It\'s true that there are people that hate doctors...
 Still, what a hassle!"
Nanjo sighed deeply.
{n}The purpose of an examination was to determine what medical treatment was appropriate.
Receiving an examination and then not following the advice given made the whole thing pointless...
"Then, in summary,
 his expected life is still three months,
 and there\'s no way to guess how long he will continue to live while still on the verge of death."
".........Rudolf‐san.
 Couldn\'t you be more discreet with your words?"
"Ah, sorry.
 I\'ve always talked this way.
 Cut me a break."
"I understand Doctor Nanjo\'s opinion.
 ......What do you think, Krauss nii‐san?"
"......Hmph.
 To be perfectly honest, I have to disagree with Doctor Nanjo.
 I find it truly difficult to think of Father as a person so sick that he has only three months to live.
 His yell is as healthy as ever, and I still get the chills at the thought of his fists raining down on me.
 ......Pushing the task of caring for Dad solely on the shoulders of the eldest son is far from fair."
"Hahhaha.
 In the next world, be born after me."
".........Alright, let\'s return to our discussion.
 In that case, according to the impartial and neutral doctor\'s opinion, it wouldn\'t be odd for him to go any time.
 Sorry, Aniki, but I\'d rather trust the opinion of a specialist.
 With that, I believe the discussion of Dad\'s fortune is no longer a premature topic."
"Father\'s personal funds probably reach into the tens of billions of yen, right?
 But, it\'s not as though all of that is neatly gathered as ready cash.
 It\'s not as simple as neatly cutting a birthday cake with a knife."
"...Interesting metaphor, Aneki.
 That\'s right, sometimes strawberries or chocolates are placed on top of the cake, making it hard to cleanly divide it into equal parts.
 Taking that into consideration, I think it\'s important to first discuss how best to stick the knife in, don\'t you...?"
"I truly don\'t understand you all. Even while the head is still alive, you\'re discussing the matter in loud voices as though he were already dead."
"Come now, don\'t you see how important this is?
 After all, when the time comes, the inheritance of his fortune must be carried out immediately, right?
 Moreover, the wealth of the glorious Ushiromiya house is vast.
 Don\'t you understand that a careful discussion is necessary beforehand?
 There\'s a huge difference between the assets of this family and your old one."
"......How rude.
 The family I was born to has nothing to do with this."
As Natsuhi resentfully responded in a low voice, the already dark atmosphere grew even more hostile...
"Give it a rest, Eva...
 Natsuhi‐san, forgive us!
 Pardon her rudeness."
Hideyoshi tried to smooth things over by glancing at both with a forced smile, but it only resulted in making the hostility between Eva and Natsuhi even more intense...
"............It seems that I will just be in the way if I stay any longer.
 Please excuse me."
Nanjo rose from his seat and exited the parlor.
......This may well have been a normal act of courtesy expected of an outsider, but even so, his back was watched by several glances envious of his ability to escape.
After the doctor had exited and his footsteps had disappeared into the distance, Krauss recrossed his legs.
"So let me see if I understand your point of view correctly.
 ......Father\'s remaining life is short.
 You want to quickly enter into a practical conference concerning the distribution of the inheritance.
 ......Why are you so eager, I wonder?"
"Certainly, as you say, estimating and distributing the Ushiromiya family\'s wealth is no simple task.
 In that case, shouldn\'t we carefully and deliberately calculate?
 It seems to me that you are all impatient to split up the cake tonight.
 That\'s true, isn\'t it, Rosa?
 Is something making you impatient?"
"...............It\'s not that we\'re impatient.
 ...But a decision between the siblings is essential.
 It doesn\'t matter when,
 but if Father\'s condition is worsening, and the day is drawing near,
 discussing the matter beforehand...isn\'t what I would call impatience..."
Rosa sneaked a glance at Eva and Rudolf.
{n}...As the youngest daughter in the family, being cross‐examined by the eldest was harsh.
".........Hoh.
 Is that your true opinion?
 I didn\'t expect that the most honest and pure‐hearted of the siblings would say something like that.
 I wonder if those two told you to say that...?"
"........................"
"Quit it, Aniki.
 Rosa is a sibling just like the rest of us.
 She has a fair right to Dad\'s inheritance.
 It\'s obvious she would be interested, right?
 ...After all, Dad will definitely die, and that\'s not something that\'ll happen in the distant future."
"......On the contrary, Aniki, you are far too relaxed.
 It seems almost as though you would like nothing better than to turn the discussion away from the distribution of the inheritance."
".........What do you mean by that?
 Are you trying to accuse my husband of something?"
"Calm down, Natsuhi‐san.
 Listen to what we have to say..."
"Nii‐san, I hear these are very good times nowadays.
 That\'s right, since last year the yen has just been going up and up thanks to the unprecedented boom in prosperity.
 It seems that it\'s no longer a dream that the dollar will reach 100 yen."
"Also, the ruling party says that it will establish a health resort maintenance law by next year.
 At this moment, resort development companies across Japan are running about trying to gather as much capital as they can."
"......You know your stuff.
 Soon, Japan will see an unprecedented boom.
 Just like when Father revived the Ushiromiya family—another case like the Korean war demands."
"......The people of Japan have worked at a frenzied pace, realized vast economic growth, and become the most prosperous people in the world; they are enjoying the height of their prosperity.
 Private spending has increased, and institutions that can profit from that can make easy money in this era."
"The people\'s needs are no longer merely the essential three electrical appliances.
 Places to ski, to golf, public pools.
 Resort hotels and theme parks!"
"Have you gone to Delsney Land, which opened just a few years ago?
 What an excellent theme park that is!
 In that place, even an adult can be a kid and have fun with his family."
"The old era, where the only virtue was to selflessly devote yourself to your country while failing to consider your family, is ending.
 Now, as the most prosperous people in the world, we can finally accept that."
"Krauss nii‐san, your foresight is somethin\' else.
 ...When I heard this several years ago, I thought it was ridiculous.
 ......But see, when I heard about the G5 nations\' Plaza Accord, that changed."
"The yen\'s gettin\' stronger and stronger, and the price of land will skyrocket soon, I bet.
 The day that Japan becomes the economic center of the world isn\'t far off.
 ......You have a very forward looking view.
 There\'s no mistakin\' that at least."
"I feel the same as Hideyoshi nii‐san.
 Aniki, you can read into the next decade of history.
 That keen sense surely came from Dad.
 It\'s incredible."
"......However, unlike Dad, there have been cases where the timing of your predictions has been mistaken, haven\'t there?"
"Nii‐san, believing that Japan will definitely face an economic boom, you have been launching resort projects everywhere, and almost all of them continue to fail.
 ...While I\'m sure that the era you predicted is arriving, it seems that you misread the timing of that boom."
"......You were too early.
 And then you hurriedly tried to sell everything off, and as a result opened the wound even further.
 ...If your nose was really so reliable and you predicted the coming of a boom, then there should be no reason for you to sell off your property.
 Isn\'t this proof that you don\'t trust your own ability?"
"......How rude!
 Are you trying to insult my husband?"
Natsuhi\'s forehead creased as she rose from the sofa.
Eva, paying this no heed, stared at Krauss with a confident smile.
...Krauss, who also maintained his confident appearance, told Natsuhi to sit down.
"Please stop, Natsuhi.
 My little sister is incapable of speaking any other way and always has been.
 ...Calm yourself a little.
 Your headache will get worse."
"Proof that you have no talent is also right here.
 ............After all, Nii‐san, weren\'t you all excited about turning this island into a resort?
 Building a wonderful resort hotel, beautifully maintaining the garden.
 I\'m just an amateur and don\'t pretend to understand, but you must have used a significant amount of money, right?"
"What are you trying to say?!
 My husband\'s business has nothing to do with you!"
"Actually, that\'s not true, Natsuhi‐san.
 Rokkenjima is not Aniki\'s.
 It is Dad\'s.
 The hotel that was constructed is Aniki\'s, of course.
 If you like, you can charge us lodging fees tonight.
 Right, Rosa?"
"...............Well, hmm.
 ...If what I have on hand will suffice."
"If I can make it into a resort, this island\'s financial worth will rise.
 It is true that expenses have piled up, but we can hope to have a large harvest in the future.
 When that happens, it should prove to be beneficial to all of you as well."
"I understand that.
 If the value of this island rises, that will increase our shares when we distribute the inheritance.
 Of course, we won\'t ask you to physically divide the island and the mansion into four equal parts.
 We\'re quite happy to settle this with whatever you calculate its financial worth to be."
"If you understand that much, what about my business makes you so dissatisfied?"
"We aren\'t dissatisfied, we\'re uneasy.
 In the first place, Aniki,
 when do you plan to open that hotel?
 Keep this up, and every square inch of it will be covered in our grubby hand prints!"
"That\'s right.
 It\'s an important tool for your business, isn\'t it?
 I understand that you can\'t keep it locked up until the moment you open it for business.
 Buildings go bad if you don\'t use them and air them out every once in a while."
"Even so, it\'s a bit extravagant for a guesthouse that we only use once a year.
 Wouldn\'t you say, Rosa?"
"..................That\'s right.
 If it\'s that wonderful, I\'m sure that it will become quite popular once you open it."
"Oh...
.........the hotel you mentioned earlier was referring to the guesthouse, I see..."
"Hell of a building, isn\'t it?
 Just as Rosa said, I\'m sure it would become popular if he were to open it."
The lodging they had been guided to had not been constructed with the intent of building a guesthouse.
...It was originally constructed as a resort hotel.
{n}However, even though it had been completed two years ago, there was absolutely no schedule for it to be opened...
"Nii‐san, it\'s just like all of your enterprises.
 Your attention and planning are both fabulous.
 Then, it always becomes unable to maintain itself partway, and ends without being able to collect any profit."
"It was brilliant of you to spot that it was a waste to use this island only as a place to live.
 I think that turning it into a resort which could use things like marine sports, fishing, or honeymoons to attract customers was a pretty good plan."
"If I were the oldest son, I\'m sure I too would have racked my brains over what kind of profit I could get out of this island."
"But, two full years have passed since you finished building, right?
 After two years, you still don\'t know when you\'ll be able to open it?
 Where is the managing company you entrusted it to?"
"......Impertinence!
 That is not my husband\'s fault!
 There has just been some trouble with the company that my husband contracted with—no matter how you look at it, we are victims here!"
"That\'s the thing, though...
 This company that Krauss nii‐san hired...
I haven\'t heard many good rumors about it, y\'know?"
"Let\'s not beat around the bush.
 ......The project disintegrated mid‐way due to nonpayment, embezzlement, and other troubles—did you think the rumors wouldn\'t reach our ears?
 I\'ve been collecting evidence."
"I don\'t know what kind of evidence you found, but it\'s all baseless!
 As new members in the sightseeing business, it is necessary to lay the groundwork with various people.
 It is also important to discuss how trustworthy the other party is.
 This is nothing more than taking some time to meet that end!"
"......I\'ll accept that, in my rashness, the hotel was completed too early.
 However, we are not paying maintenance costs.
 It\'s a slow and vital strategic arrangement."
"Yeah, I bet.
 More like you want to sell it but can\'t.
 There\'s no reason for anyone to buy such an extravagant hotel on an isolated island with nothing on it and no established sightseeing routes.
 Besides, what\'s happening with the loans you gathered for this project?"
"It might not be costing you maintenance, but the borrowed money you can\'t return is just goin\' up and up.
 ......Sorry, Krauss nii‐san.
 I investigated the development plan for this island a little.
 ...I gotta be honest, I\'ve not heard anythin\' good either."
"Hideyoshi‐san.
 I\'m sure that only looking at the current financial condition could lead you to that impression.
 However, that is a prior investment.
 I have no choice but to admit that my prediction was mistaken, and that up until now, several liabilities have been created."
"However, the times have finally caught up with me.
 I will soon regain everything that I have lost up to this point.
 No, actually, all of the investments I have made until now will finally return to my possession.
 That\'s right, just like throwing away a small fry which then becomes a salmon, they will come back even bigger than before."
"Sure, I\'m with you on that.
 Startin\' soon, the resort business will probably see an unprecedented boom...
 Though who knows whether it\'ll be enough to bury all of your liabilities..."
".........But I gotta ask, Krauss nii‐san.
 After all the crushing defeats you\'ve suffered so far, who in the world supplied you with the funds?
 That\'s a heck of a sum we\'re talkin\'.
 Enough to cover your massive debt, right?"
"......What are you trying to say, Hideyoshi‐san?"
"Ahh, Natsuhi‐san, please, don\'t get mad!
 We\'ve done our research, see.
 ...We looked into it, tryin\' to see who could\'ve loaned Krauss nii‐san, who\'s lost all his battles thus far, enough to support his recent massively gutsy investments."
"...And the result—
no one.
 There is no backer.
 The iron rule of the money roulette is to bet against the unfortunate.
 And Aniki, you are a well known unfortunate in this neighborhood."
"Surely this era seems set to welcome an economic boom, but when we asked who, with respect to Aniki\'s failures,
 would find him worthy of funding,
 there was no one."
"So you see...
 Where did you raise that money from?
 ...That\'s what we started to question next."
".........Hoh.
 Isn\'t this an interesting story.
 And?"
"D‐dear!
 How long do you plan to ignore these abusive remarks!!"
"Sit down, Natsuhi‐san.
 .........Let me be blunt.
 Aniki, you have been diverting Dad\'s private funds for your own business.
 There is almost no doubt.
 If we made some mistake, please, feel free to explain it for us."
"Rudolf, this isn\'t diverting funds.
 This is embezzlement, isn\'t it?
 It\'s a genuine crime that can be criminally prosecuted."
"Th‐this is rudeness in the extreme!!
 How can you even face the successor to the Ushiromiya head house and level these wild accusations!!"
"They aren\'t wild, they\'re right on the money, aren\'t they?
 He wants to make his business succeed so that he can recover his losses, but his debt is actually growing!
 All he wants is to get himself out of the hole he\'s dug, by making an even bigger gamble than before.
 If he had funds close at hand, it\'s only logical that he\'d try to use them!"
"Let me say it clearly, Nii‐san—what you are doing is embezzlement.
 You are betraying our father.
 I imagine that we will leave you to the mercy of the courts after this is all over.
 Do you think those people will kindly agree to address you as "successor to the Ushiromiya head house"?"
"O‐of all the things...sa‐saying that he\'s betraying the head is not something I can overlook!!
 You no longer have the right to darken the doors of the glorious Ushiromiya house!!
 Leave this place immediately!!
 Go on!!
 Get out!!"
Natsuhi, who had already reached the limits of her anger, shouted at Eva in a rage.
She then pointed alternately at Eva and the hallway, indicating that she should leave.
Eva took out a folding fan and fanned herself with it, glaring maliciously at Natsuhi as though silently daring her to repeat what she\'d said.
However, her mouth was still smiling, curved in the shape of a crescent moon.
...In that unpleasant silence, Rosa gulped.
"Hey, ...Natsuhi nee‐san?
 Who do you think you are speaking to?"
"I am speaking to the extremely impolite sister of my husband!!
 As the person in charge of family affairs, I cannot overlook any more of this!!"
"In charge of family affaaairs?
 Huhuhu,
 hahahaha,
 ahhahahahaha!!"
"Shut up,
 you sorry excuse for a wife!"
Eva folded the fan with a snap and rose powerfully.
Compared to the elegance and playful behavior she had shown until just now, she was unimaginably aggressive.
"How foolish. {i:You} leave!!
 You would tell me—Ushiromiya Eva!—
me, Eva, the third‐ranked in the Ushiromiya family hierarchy, who is granted the left shoulder of the head, to {i:leave}?!"
"Learn your place!!
 And then look in a mirror at your shabby figure!!
 Where on your clothes is the wing?
 Where are you permitted to wear the One‐winged Eagle?"
"Your only purpose was to birth a successor to the Ushiromiya family!!
 Know your place, bitch!!"
While Eva\'s face grimaced unattractively, her words pierced Natsuhi\'s heart like claws, and painfully twisted in.
"..............................!!!"
......There were a hundred ways Natsuhi wanted to respond.
{n}However, her anger and sorrow crushed her throat, and not one of them managed to make it to her mouth.
...The anger which had lost any place to go became a single hot tear which slowly dripped down...
"Whaaat?
 If you have something to say, please, say it now.
 Come on."
Eva faced her with a provocative gaze.
......However, Natsuhi\'s fist was shaking; she trembled all over, unable to do anything...
Krauss quietly broke that powder‐keg tension.
"Natsuhi.
 Leave your seat.
 You should cool off your head."
"Wh—!!"
Natsuhi, resenting the fact that her husband had not come to her aid, shifted the focus of her attack.
"D‐...don\'t you understand what they\'re saying about you?!
 These people are baselessly calling you a traitor to Father!!"
"We protect the glory of the Ushiromiya family,
 we put forth effort day in day out, striving to be paragons of nobility in order to take over that glory from Father, and this inexcusable rambling tramples it all underfoot!!!"
"And you―why don\'t you talk back to them?!
 I\'m talking back because you won\'t, but you have just been relying completely on me...!!
 And now you are telling me to go cool my head?!
 It\'s {i:always} me!!"
"I am always thinking so seriously about this family\'s affairs, and you\'ve just taken that and...!!
 UuuUUUuuu, uuuuuuuuuhuhughh!!!"
Natsuhi could no longer hide her tears.
{n}She flew from the room in that state.
After that, all that remained was a somewhat embarrassed mood about the parlor...
When the sound of footsteps grew distant and silence returned, Krauss shrugged his shoulders slightly.
"......I apologize for my wife.
 She has always been bad at controlling her emotions.
 I too have a hard time with her."
"If you\'ve got someone like that running things, you must be on edge constantly as well!
 *giggle*giggle*...!"
"Uuuuu...
 UuuuuUUUuuUUughhu!!!"
"......Ma‐......Madam......"
"It\'s nothing...!
 Leave me be...!!"
Natsuhi flew into her room...and bent over the bed, wailing.
Those heartwrenching sobs reached Kumasawa in the hallway...
......How heartrending, Madam Natsuhi...
There is a deep enmity between her and Eva‐sama.
...Explaining their relationship is very draining for a woman such as myself...
The Ushiromiya family holds its bloodline in high regard, but if a daughter marries into another family, they would normally be removed from the family hierarchy.
......So, under normal circumstances, Eva‐sama should have been removed when she married Hideyoshi‐sama.
However,
 ...and this was not anyone\'s fault.
Madam definitely bore no guilt.
There\'s no way to say it other than calling it a whim of God.
...Krauss‐sama and Natsuhi‐sama were not blessed with children for some time.
And of course, this was the patriarchal Ushiromiya family.
A wife was just a tool to create an heir.
......If that wife could not fulfill her only duty, she would not be treated as human.
It is painful to remember how much the Master tortured Madam during that time...
During that time, Eva‐sama and Hideyoshi‐sama\'s wedding was discussed.
......Eva‐sama was sly.
...Taking advantage of Madam\'s inability to become pregnant, she gained the favor of the Master.
She inspired him to allow her to marry and give birth to a successor herself, making sure to avoid transferring her name out of the Ushiromiya register.
There was a vast difference in the Ushiromiya hierarchy between Madam, who married into the Ushiromiya family and was treated like an outsider, and Eva‐sama, who was related to the family by blood and whose husband took on the Ushiromiya name.
And beyond that, Eva‐sama was the first to give birth, and what\'s more, to a boy...
Perhaps you can now understand how much weaker Madam\'s position was compared to Eva‐sama\'s...
...I\'m sure Madam is tormented by the thought that if only she had gotten pregnant earlier, the Master wouldn\'t have accepted Eva‐sama\'s request to keep her last name after marriage, and Eva‐sama wouldn\'t have been permitted to act as arrogantly as she had today...
However...that was not Madam\'s fault......
All of the blame lies with God\'s whims, and the stork that delivered Jessica‐san late......
Even so, Madam won\'t allow herself to see things this way...
......She probably can\'t help but cry bitter tears at her inability to carry out the duties expected of a wife...
Ahh, how heartrending...
I cannot do anything but watch over her from the shadows......