"Look, George‐sama!
 They\'re so cute, look, look!"
Shannon found a pair of hammerhead sharks playfully swimming in the tank,
 and made a fuss like a grade schooler seeing an aquarium for the first time.
"Yeah, they\'re really cute.
 I almost want to eat them."
"I, I\'d feel so sorry for them...
 Did you know?
 I hear that the only people in the world who come to an aquarium and say that the fish look delicious are the Japanese."
"Is that so?
 ...I\'m sure even Americans and Italians would want to eat these."
"...Uh,
 ...um......
err..."
"Those clothes look good on you.
 Really."
Shannon embraced her chest with both hands in embarrassment.
...She apparently felt like she was being made fun of for wearing these clothes that she wasn\'t used to.
Even though George\'s face didn\'t show it, the truth was that even he was surprised at how easily those tremendous words had left his lips,
 and he was as embarrassed as Shannon on the inside.
However, when he saw how embarrassed Shannon was,
 he started to feel as though he was teasing the girl he liked,
 and instead of embarrassment, ticklish amusement welled up in him.
......Wait, that isn\'t just a feeling.
...I really am teasing the girl I like.
It pains me to admit it,
 ......but I used to think that such embarrassing expressions had fallen so far out of use they no longer showed up even in manga.
On the contrary, if I\'d seen a couple acting like that, I\'d have felt like throwing rocks at them.
However, even if rocks were thrown at us now,
 I\'m sure they would be just like confetti celebrating us.
Now, I can\'t even remember those lonely days...
when I felt jealous of couples who were completely oblivious to their surroundings.
To use an old‐fashioned phrase, these would be truly rose‐colored days...
I was so entranced that I no longer even noticed the big tank of the world\'s largest aquarium.
Instead, I saw only Shannon happily playing with the fish, all her changing emotions showing on her face.
"...It\'s amazing, isn\'t it......?
 It\'s my first time seeing a tank large enough for a whale to swim in."
"I heard that this tank is the biggest selling point here.
 And that it\'s the biggest in the whole world."
"Is that so?
 That\'s amazing.
 ......It\'s really wonderful.
 It doesn\'t even look like a tank at all, but rather like they sliced off a part of the sea with a knife and brought it here."
"It does, doesn\'t it?
 This is a splendid little sea."
Despite its size, I hadn\'t thought of the tank as anything more than a tank.
That\'s why I thought her expression about slicing off a part of the sea with a knife was so interesting.
No matter how far humans broaden their experiences, in the end, they can only hold a single personal worldview.
 Maybe that\'s why it\'s so interesting to interact with someone who has a different worldview.
I said that to her honestly.
And she responded:
"Certainly, this might not be the real sea.
 ...But, if those little guys swimming in there believe that it\'s a sea, then it certainly is a sea."
"Even though they\'re inside a finite tank."
"The sea is finite too.
 No, even if it were infinite,
 how much could we cover in our whole lives?
 I\'m sure that it would be so much smaller than a sea."
"...Certainly.
 It\'s ironic, isn\'t it?
 Even though the world is so vast, most of us live out our lives without ever leaving our own country."
"All it takes is the belief that it is a complete world...
for even the bottom of a narrow well to be a proper world, and a sea.
 ...In the eyes of the frogs who live there."
Shannon, who spent her days as a servant on a small island ten kilometers in circumference called Rokkenjima,
 said that with a smile.
After we finished walking through the whole aquarium, we had a slightly late afternoon lunch at a restaurant with a nice view.
Any boy\'s heart will jump about at the sight of a buffet.
I myself was like that in the past.
But with Shannon beside me, this buffet felt different.
I couldn\'t shamefully make a huge pile of nothing but my favorite foods.
I was—how should I put it—worried about my appearance,
 and chose a menu suited for a snob: toast, salad and coffee.
If I were by myself, I\'d have made a pile of greasy stuff like yakisoba, mashed potatoes, gratins, and the like.
"Shannon, is that enough for you?
 If it is, then I guess we men are animals with really bad fuel efficiency."
"...Umm,
 I, I didn\'t mean to imply that......"
On Shannon\'s tray, there was only tea and salad.
Maybe the very idea that she could "get away with at least one more dish" indicated I was thinking with my male stomach.
"What about you, George‐sama, will that be enough?
 I think it\'s better for men to eat a little bit more.
 ...You normally eat more than that for lunch, don\'t you?"
"Oops, right.
 You already know how much I eat from when I have lunch on the island."
"Yes.
 So, I was wondering whether your stomach isn\'t feeling well today..."
Shannon was showing concern that I wasn\'t feeling well.
Apparently I had made her worry with my stupid attempt to impress her.
And in any case, it didn\'t seem like my stomach was going to let me keep this pretense up any longer.
"...Gah, ahaha...
 I\'ll confess already.
 I was just trying to look cool...
 I just held back because I was with a girl..."
"I thought so.
 Considering how much you eat during lunch at the family conferences, I thought that this wasn\'t nearly enough.
 Please, don\'t be so reserved, and feel free to go and choose another dish."
"This isn\'t fair... All the embarrassment is on me.
 What about you, then, Shannon?
 Do you always manage your work for the Ushiromiya family while eating so little?"
"......Umm, uh,
 ............au."
Shannon grew silent and blushed bright red.
Apparently, I wasn\'t the only one putting on a front.
When I realized that, my embarrassment disappeared completely.
"That isn\'t enough for you either, is it?
 Yes, normally, you eat more than this for lunch."
"A, a woman\'s stomach is made of magic, so this is enough...
 au."
"This must mean that we were both trying to impress each other.
 Let\'s not hold back anymore, shall we?"
I smiled to show that I wouldn\'t make fun of her anymore and stood up from the seat.
"We\'ve come all the way to Okinawa—it would be a waste if we didn\'t eat some bitter melon.
 I\'ll go get some fried bitter melon or something.
 Come with me, Shannon.
 C\'mon, c\'mon."
"Ah, yes...!"
To anyone watching us, we might have seemed like a pretty humorous—and above all embarrassing—couple.
But it\'s only after becoming a couple that you realize.
This banter means the world to us, and is our world.
So, no matter how cold the looks we might have been getting from other people, we wouldn\'t even notice.
......Indeed, at this age, I finally understand the feelings of couples who want to endlessly flirt without any regard to their surroundings.
After I returned with a plate piled up with fried food, Shannon arrived with a lovely cake.
While laughing at our fake stoicism, we resumed our lunch.
"It\'s a shame that it\'s so cloudy, considering this restaurant has such a view of the sea."
Our window seats, which we were lucky to get, showed us seaside scenery so grandiose that it didn\'t even fit entirely within our field of vision.
However, because of the cloudy sky, it was a far cry from its normal beauty.
"Yes, it is.
 If it had been clear, we would have seen quite the deep blue sea."
"Yes.
 I imagine you\'re used to seeing the sea on Rokkenjima, but the sea here would surely have been an exceptional blue.
 ...It\'s a real shame."
"Aah, but—no matter how blue it is, the sea I see during work might as well be gray.
 But, today, I\'m not working, so...I mean..."
Apparently, Shannon was doing her best to say an embarrassing line.
 But I grade harshly.
"So close.
 If only you\'d said "when I look at it with you, even the grayest sea looks deep blue",
 I\'d have given you full marks and a reward."
"Uh,
 ah,
 I, I, I\'m sorry......
 nnnnnn..."
"Wanna hear what the reward would have been...?"
"Umm,
 ......
uh,
 if you wouldn\'t mind......"
"No.
 I won\'t tell you.
 Ahahahahahaha."
"Tha‐that\'s not fair..."
When I was in elementary school, I was always the kid that got bullied.
When everyone teased me, I grew nervous and speechless, to the delight of the bullies.
Back then, I wondered why everyone teased me.
But now, teasing Shannon like this, I understand why.
This is so much fun.
I can play with her emotions however I please,
 ...and I can have them all to myself.
Right now, I can\'t think of any higher pleasure.
Which is exactly why I have to treat her lightly.
I don\'t want her to get embarrassed and have a bad time.
So I decided to end the topic there and then.
It\'s not good to be too persistent.
"When you\'ve finished your lunch, do you want to take a walk on the beach?
 Perhaps the clouds will clear up and we\'ll be able to see a picturesque sea."
"That\'s a nice idea.
 I\'d like to do that."
"OK, that\'s what we\'ll do.
 ...But that looks like a really delicious cake.
 I wonder if I should get one like that too."
"You mustn\'t...
 If you eat cake after already eating so much, you will get fat.
 Hideyoshi‐sama\'s blood seems to run pretty thick in you, George‐sama, so if you don\'t take care, you will get chubby."
"So, Shannon, would you stop liking me if I got fat...?
 I wouldn\'t stop liking you if you did."
"I, I didn\'t mean it that way...
 I meant...if you don\'t take good care of your body, your health will...
 au."
"Mother warns me all the time too.
 Maybe I also need to take up Tai‐chi‐chuan or something to get some exercise."
"If you want to lose weight, it\'s best to start by reconsidering your eating habits, instead of doing intense exercise.
 The exercise has to come on top of that, or you won\'t get any results, I hear."
"In other words, you\'re telling me not to eat cake, right?
 Then, I guess I\'ll just have to gaze at you while you stuff your cheeks with that cake, Shannon."
"Uh,
 er,
 .........
 ......Maybe one whole cake is too much,
 ......but maybe just half of one would be alright.
 Here, it\'s really delicious."
Shannon cut her own cake and tried to move half to my salad plate.
I had no doubt that she wanted to share the flavor of the delicious cake with me.
Even so, I deliberately and meanly pulled my plate away from her.
She blinked her eyes in surprise.
 She couldn\'t seem to figure out if that was a refusal of the cake or not.
So I winked, opened my mouth, and said "aah".
"*giggle*.
 This is what you wanted from the beginning, isn\'t it?
 ......Gosh, you\'re such a pampered child, George‐sama."
"Okay,
 say "aah"."
While still wearing an embarrassed, exasperated face, Shannon offered the cake to me with a fork.
Chomp.
It tasted like cheap chocolate cake you could find anywhere.
 Still, it was exceptional.
Because eating cake in such an embarrassing way, as if we were the ultimate stereotypical lovey‐dovey couple, had been my dream for many years.
It made this cake\'s flavor heavenly...
If the Earth is destined to end someday, I wouldn\'t have had any regrets if it happened right then.
......It was such a moment of bliss.
After that, we gathered shells, ran from the waves, and enjoyed each other\'s company while walking along the beach.
In the end, the clouds never parted.
 However, we both believed that our eyes were still reflecting a deep, blue sea.
".........Somehow, I\'m so happy,
 ...it makes me scared."
"You do say that from time to time.
 What is it that you\'re afraid of?"
"...I\'m...
......a servant of the Ushiromiya family.
 For someone like me...to be here together with a member of the Ushiromiya family...
 Um,
 .........it just seems like too much for me."
"I\'m also surprised.
 I didn\'t just meet you today or yesterday, Shannon‐chan.
 We\'ve known each other for years now.
 But we would only ever exchange greetings during family meetups, barely a few times per year."
"...I never imagined we\'d become close enough that I could spend time with you like this.
 It\'s the same for you too, right?"
"Uh,
 ......I...
...umm..."
"Hm?"
"......I did...
...imagine.
 No, umm, err!
 Rather than imagination,
 ......it was more like I was fantasizing......
 You\'re always so considerate and gentlemanly, so I wondered, if we were in a relationship,
 ......um, I just had fantasies of what it would be like......"
"Then, our relationship happened thanks to your believing heart.
 Magic dwells in the power of dreaming.
 So, I\'m sure it was that magic that brought us together."
".........You\'re right.
 ...I really think......that it truly was magic."
"But, you know, that\'s not quite right.
 Every time we met, I saw you as more and more beautiful, and you grew to occupy a large space in my heart.
 If the same thing happened to you,
 then the fact that we are here today is simply an inevitable consequence, rather than something caused by magic or a miracle."
"...............No.
 A miracle did happen,
 George‐sama."
She stopped at the water\'s edge, and gazed beyond the sea.
" ......A miracle?"
"No, magic.
 ...It happened."
I was bewildered by that slightly mysterious expression, which I sometimes heard her use.
"......Magic, you say?"
"Yes, magic.
 .........You probably won\'t believe me even if I say it, so I won\'t.
 But that magic definitely had the power to grant the miracle which brought you and me together."
"You mean, like a lucky chant to make your wish come true?"
"Perhaps.
 Maybe it was something like that.
 ...Except that it wasn\'t pretend—it really was real magic."
"...Hmm..."
Perhaps Shannon isn\'t alone in wanting to credit an encounter on a miracle, or on chance; it might be a universal thing all girls share.
For a man like me, an encounter with a girl is 70 percent effort to try to please her, and 20 percent raw courage.
 And only 10 percent chance.
What she believes to be everything carries little relative weight within me.
 ...Maybe that way of thinking is in itself calculating and typical of men.
But, were I to express that in words, any kind of magic would be broken.
I do think that to become this close has taken many fortuities, concessions, and great efforts from us both.
We have this private time together now only as the result of all those things put together,
 and if she wants to call that "magic", that isn\'t strange in the slightest.
That\'s why I answered her the way I did:
"Yes.
 ......If the same fate were repeated a hundred times, you and I might have gotten into a relationship like this only once."
"Our distant and formal connection could have continued right up to now, even as we both remained conscious of each other.
 From the perspective of those otherworldly selves, we are undoubtedly in a miraculous relationship."
"It\'s not like that...
 ......It really is magic."
"...Perhaps this is something that men will never believe, no matter how often you tell them.
 Kanon‐kun didn\'t believe me at all, either."
"...I believe you.
 ......Because I wouldn\'t want to break the magic by not believing in it."
"George‐sama..."
In a small voice, I apologized for making light of her magic.
Those words seemed to make Shannon a lot happier.
After all, if a pair of people believes in the magic of love, it becomes eternal.
"Oh, that\'s right.
 I have a request, if you\'d be willing to indulge me."
"...Yes?
 What is it?"
"You know how you call me "George‐sama"?
 It\'s not that I dislike it, but would you not call me that anymore?"
"Of course, you have to keep up your appearance with the Ushiromiya family, so I won\'t force you to do this during your everyday routine at Rokkenjima.
 But, when we are alone, I\'d rather you didn\'t call me that.
 Yeah, let\'s create that rule."
"A, a rule?
 Wh‐what would happen if I broke it...?"
"Good point.
 Maybe rule violations do need to have some kind of penalty attached.
 ...What should it be...
 ......Wanna hear?"
"N‐no, I don\'t want to hear..."
"Ahahahahahaha.
 I\'ll have to think about what it should be."
"Yes.
 ......George...
san."
"...Yeah.
 That sounds wonderful, doesn\'t it?
 I\'m so happy,
 Shannon."
"I,
 ......I...
...have the name Sayo...
......as well."
"Right.
 Rules must be fair.
 I\'ll abide by that too, and from now on, I\'ll call you Sayo.
 Alright?
 Sayo...?"
"Y‐yes."
I put my arm around her shoulder and held her close.
Her delicate body was pulled irresistibly towards me, and she leapt into my chest like a doll.
 As I held her head in my arms, we looked at the horizon together.
"What a deep blue sea.
 I\'m so happy that we were able to see it together."
"......Me too.
 It makes me very happy that I could look at such a deep blue sea with you."
As we gazed at the gray sea and a light rain began to sprinkle down,
 we kept listening to each other\'s heartbeats...
The sound of waves soaked into my ears.
 ...No, this was the sound of raging waves.
 My body, bathed in painfully cold splashes, did not allow me to forget.
The memory of the day when my old fate was broken and smashed.
In the past, "tomorrow" had been literally like a mirror to me.
All I could see in it was the same me that existed "today".
......My tomorrow would never be any different from my today.
That was my old fate.
...But at that moment, for the first time, I saw a different fate beyond the mirror.
The witch whispered.
She tempted me to take a bite out of the fruit of knowledge.
She tormented me, saying that as long as I stayed in the paradise of God, I would remain furniture.
And so I learned of love, and decided to choose to become a person.
......Those days were like sweetly melting honey,
 ......but then, I hadn\'t realized that they were the beginning of days filled with a new kind of suffering......
Taking a motorboat that I had just been told about, I made my way to this islet.
No, I couldn\'t possibly call it an islet.
It\'d really be more appropriate to call it a reef.
It had a torii and a small shrine for the local deity.
It was probably built to worship the guardian deity of Rokkenjima.
......Even though I didn\'t know the exact meaning, I understood that it had a holy significance.
Despite being in a place like this, I took just one more look around to see if there was anyone observing me.
......The only things I could see were the stormy ocean, Niijima looming in the distance, and the waves breaking against Rokkenjima\'s steep cliffside.
I readied myself,
 ......timidly approached the small shrine,
 ...and took up the mirror that had been placed there.
It was an old‐looking mirror, dim and dirty.
......If it were an ordinary mirror, that would probably give you a terribly bad impression of its value.
...However, since the mirror had been offered to this small shrine, that quality made me feel some kind of divinity from it.
......And I realized.
This was not merely a mirror.
...Even if it was nothing more than an old‐looking mirror to a non‐believer like myself, in actuality, it was a mirror that had an important meaning.
......Is it really alright to break it after being captivated by honeyed words?
......No, this is no mirror.
...It is the inescapable life I have lived until today—my fate.
Break it.
Break it, ......and seize a life from beyond the mirror.
If I don\'t break it, my life will forever be a pair of facing mirrors.
Nothing will ever change in the slightest...
The witch whispers.
She tempts me to take a bite out of the fruit of knowledge.
Or maybe I have already had a taste of that fruit.
Because I ended up knowing those maddening emotions.
Just as Adam and Eve felt compelled to pluck the fig leaf...
I can no longer...
...go without breaking this mirror.
I fought with conflict for many days.
Inside my heart, the virtuous part of me and the part that sided with the witch repeatedly fought each other.
And now, here I am.
Did the part of me who is here win or lose?
There\'s only one thing I know.
To obtain something, you must be ready to lose something.
The cowards who don\'t risk loss and never try to change anything will never be given the key to open the path to a new future.
The key is already in my hands.
It is—to break this.
 To break it.
Is there any other effort I can make, as furniture imprisoned on Rokkenjima?
No.
 There\'s nothing...but this.
Come, have courage.
 I\'ll free myself from being mere furniture.
And I\'ll accept my new sufferings, and become human.
These are surely the small and large trials I must impose on myself.
Now,
 ......break it.
Break the eternally unchangeable fate that imprisons me...into pieces......!
I raised it high,
 .........thought back on all those days of conflict,
 ......and, after a time far too brief to do them justice, I finished my reflections...
...
and threw it.
The thunder roared, ...crying out against me for my outrageous act.
...It was truly the wrath of the angels, preparing to banish me from eternal paradise.
I looked down on the mirror tumbling at my feet, broken in two equal parts,
 ...and, having made sure I had accomplished my task,
 ......I looked up at the enraged sky, and screamed.
"...I,
 ...............I kept...
......the promise...
 ......Now,
 .........it\'s your turn to keep your promise with me, right......?"
The thunder roared once more.
...I had already been banished from Paradise.
So, I would have to struggle by myself in order to live.
The witch had said it.
 That\'s the single element of the world.
To lose it—means to lose the world.
...Like how a flask with a hole in the bottom can\'t be filled, no matter how much water you scoop into it...
"......I kept the promise.
 .........Now, it\'s your turn to keep your promise.
 ......Please, grant my wish!
 BEATRICE‐samaaaaaa!!"
