"Eeeeeeeeeh?!
 What do you mean "separate rooms"?!
 Then, Shannon, you and George nii‐san stayed in different rooms on purpose?!"
"Ye‐......yes...
 umm, ......was it that strange a thing to do......?"
Since Jessica\'s cheeks had been stuffed with chocolate‐coated chinsukou biscuit that Shannon had brought as a souvenir from Okinawa,
 it all flew out at Shannon when Jessica cried out...
"...Sha‐Shannon, why did you even go on a trip up to Okinawa then...?
 And even alone with George nii‐san!"
"That\'s because... I mean... Since there\'s a very big aquarium in Okinawa, I was invited to go and...
I...like fish and stuff..."
"No, I mean, like...!!
 This is a young couple going on an overnight trip, right?!
 And you\'re saying there weren\'t even any hugs and kisses?!
 To say nothing of the fact that the guy and girl were staying in different rooms!!"
"As for ki‐kisses, no comment.
 ...ah, but we did hug, though...?
 George‐san\'s chest was warm..."
"That\'s not the point!!
 Aah, geez!
 Why do couples like this exist?!
 Aaah, geez!!
 It\'s so damn irritating!"
From Shannon\'s perspective, a lot of things had happened and it seemed to have been a very happy trip,
 but it looked like the missed opportunity had left Jessica feeling greatly unfulfilled.
For a while, Jessica chewed on her souvenir,
 writhing on her bed as she complained about their romance.
Shannon and George had chosen to go to Okinawa because there was a huge aquarium there.
That was because their first meeting had revolved around an aquarium.
Since they had started at an aquarium, having their first overnight trip also be to an aquarium must have held some commemorative value.
"This was your special commemorative trip, your turning point!
 Your first overnight trip!!
 Shouldn\'t there have been all kinds of progress?!"
"And yet!
 Separate rooms for the guy and girl?!
 A couple taking two single rooms?!
 Aah, geez, really, what\'s wrong with you?!"
"...Err, umm, ......but we\'re both single...
 ...George‐san says that respecting boundaries is good manners between men and women......."
"For hell\'s sake, this overnight trip was so you could overcome that, wasn\'t it?!
 You\'re not at the stage of mere hugs and kisses any more!"
"Mi‐Milady, I don\'t know what you mean by that, but...
 Geor‐...George‐sama was a real gentleman with me until the end."
"That is, I mean,
 ......I also...
wondered if those things would happen, you know,
 ...but we, we may be going out, but...
I mean, it, it\'s not as if we are married or anything..."
"The kind of things you seem to be expecting, Milady,
 ......I mean, we must do so only after we properly make a vow in front of God, and, umm,
 ......ww...we mustn\'t...
 au."
Shannon\'s face was bright red.
She was restlessly fidgeting, making a circle with both hands, then a chain link, continually intertwining, separating and making heart shapes with them.
Apparently, the dramatic progress Jessica had looked forward to hadn\'t happened,
 but it seemed that it had been a very important experience for Shannon in her own way.
...So in the end, no matter how much Jessica envied Shannon or made fun of her, it didn\'t change the fact that Shannon had a huge lead on her.
"Aah, I want a boyfriend toooo!!
 I can\'t believe you beat me to it!!
 We promised we\'d get boyfriends at the same time but you snuck ahead and beat meeee,
 aarrrrrrgh!"
"U‐umm...
 Milady, you are a wonderful person, so I\'m sure you\'ll find someone even more wonderful than I did, before long..."
"Don\'t try to console me!!
 Shannon, you traitor, get outta here, you suuuuck!!
 *cough*cough*, *cough*cough*cough*!!"
Jessica threw several cushions at her.
But midway, she had an asthma attack and started to cough pretty badly.
Shannon hurriedly ran over to her and took a look on top of the nearby side table.
An adorable basket was placed there, and inside of it was Jessica\'s inhaler.
Shannon picked it up and handed it over to Jessica.
Jessica\'s asthma attacks always came suddenly.
 Because of this, she had to carry this medicine around with her at all times.
She breathed in the medicine, and after some time spent holding back her coughing, her asthma finally settled down.
Shannon thought this a good chance to leave, bowed courteously, and made to exit the room...
As she did, one more small cushion came flying and hit Shannon on the head.
She looked around, and saw that Jessica was on the verge of crying, half of her face buried in her last and favorite cushion.
 That face was red and meek...
"......Mi‐Milady......?"
"Sha‐......Shannon...
 ...Be honest with me...
 .........Is my...
.........hairdo and stuff...strange...?"
"What are you saying...
 I think that your hair is very beautiful."
"Then, ...then then, are my eyes strange, or maybe my nose?
 ...Or is it the way I talk after all......?
 Is that why I can\'t get a boyfriend......?"
"Of course not.
 Milady, you are wonderful enough as you are.
 And I think that your charm will keep on increasing more and more."
"......But, it\'s only me who can\'t get a boyfriend...
 Saku and Hina managed to find one, but I can\'t, I\'m the only one......
 Is it because I don\'t have any charm after all......?
 You know, everyone\'s gonna be bringing their boyfriend along to the cultural festival......"
"I was so sure I\'d have a boyfriend by then, I\'ve been grandstanding about it...
 .........But I can\'t get a boyfriend to save my life.
 I\'m the only one, the only one......."
Before she realized it, Jessica was shedding huge tears.
Jessica hadn\'t really planned on crying, and of course, she felt like supporting Shannon\'s progress in love as a friend.
...However, as she had made fun of Shannon, her true feelings had suddenly gotten mixed in, and the tears had just poured out on their own...
...Shannon understood Jessica\'s innocent and easily injured heart.
Jessica\'s usual rough style of speech...
was all just an attempt to protect her own easily injured heart.
......As a daughter and successor to the Ushiromiya family, and as a girl isolated on Rokkenjima, the only person she could expose her true feelings to was Shannon.
Shannon understood that.
So, ...she strongly regretted feeling a little too self‐satisfied.
"...S‐.........sorry...
 Crying like this, I\'m weird.
 Sorry......*sniffle*."
"You are a wonderful person, Milady.
 There is no way that a nice man won\'t appear for you..."
".........Sha‐Shannon, it\'s about time for you, right?
 If you don\'t go soon, Genji‐san and Mom are gonna yell at you.
 I\'m totally fine, so get going...!
 Heheh, sorry for crying like this.
 ......I\'m such a moron."
Jessica faced away as if to show she wasn\'t looking for attention,
 and waved her hand as though to drive Shannon away.
Shannon took that as a sign that she didn\'t want to be badgered any more,
 bowed her head, and left the room...
When her footsteps disappeared into the distance, Jessica lay down on her bed, still hugging the cushion.
...Her expression was still a little meek, with tears in her eyes,
 ...but for the first time in a long time, she had a very, very quiet and honest conversation with her heart.
"I also...
.........want to fall...
in love..."
As Shannon watered the flower beds in the garden in high spirits, she sensed someone\'s presence.
She turned around, thinking that if one of the family had come to visit, she must greet them,
 ......and what she saw was that witch.
"B‐......BEATRICE‐sama........."
"It\'s been quite some time.
 How are you?
 Has your relationship with your special person progressed since last time?"
As BEATRICE sat on the rose arch, she happily blew on her pipe.
Sitting in a place like that would crush the roses,
 and it might have been dangerous if you fell off the arch, ...but after all, this was a witch.
That was surely an unnecessary concern.
"...Ye‐yes.
 Thanks to you, ...it\'s going smoothly."
"Naturally; my magic is instantaneous.
 ...You may even be feeling as if your meeting was a predetermined fate.
 But that isn\'t correct; don\'t think for a moment this has anything to do with fate."
"......I, ......I understand that."
The witch was calling attention to something.
 Two things, actually.
That originally, her relationship with George had been completely impossible.
......And that her magic power was so great, it could manipulate that fate.
Shannon had become swept up in these sweet days, and had started to fall under the illusion that all fate was revolving around her.
...But the witch\'s words made her remember.
Her relationship with George had originally been impossible,
 .........no, might also be impossible in the future as well...
"...*cackle*cackle*, sorry, sorry.
 It\'s just like a doctor.
 Even though you rely on them when you worry about your health, after you\'re healed, you forget even to thank them.
 ......Witches have never known thanks, so I couldn\'t help acting a little rudely.
 Forgive me."
".........I have never forgotten my feelings of gratitude.
 ...I was able to achieve happiness thanks to your power, BEATRICE‐sama.
 ......And without that power, George‐sama and I would have had no fate together.
 ...I have never forgotten that."
"Sorry, sorry.
 This was not my intent; I didn\'t come here to bully you.
 Talking rudely is just my personality.
 Do forgive me."
"...More importantly, I heard it through the grapevine...!
 You two went on a little private trip.
 I\'m sure it was quite fun."
"Y‐yes!
 It was very, umm, ...fun."
Shannon\'s face suddenly grew bright.
The witch laughed lightly, as though that transformation was worth money.
"Already the person of your thoughts is no longer an object of one‐sided love.
 You are a pair of lovers now.
 ......To a pair filled with love, that alone is all they need in the world.
 A wonderful, ideal world, so to speak?
 Huhuhuhuhu!
 Even witches would be jealous."
BEATRICE laughed pleasantly.
That smile was without a trace of malice, making her look as though she blessed the lovers\' secret meeting from the bottom of her heart.
After that day, BEATRICE had shown herself before Shannon every once in a while.
Even now, Shannon still thought of her as a creepy being.
...However, she was also hugely indebted to this person for bestowing the magic that had given her the relationship she had with George.
So Shannon was trying with all her might not to be surprised or scared.
"Oh, ...oh, yes.
 ......Umm, BEATRICE‐sama.
 I bought some confectionery as a souvenir from our trip.
 ...Would you, umm, ......like some?"
"Hoh???
 A souvenir for a witch.........?"
It seemed that even the witch who boasted of living for one thousand years hadn\'t been able to predict that she would receive a souvenir from a pair of sweet lovers.
When she saw that surprised expression, Shannon thought of the witch as a friend for the first time.
"Hohoh, Oriental cookies made from wheat flour and lard.
 To wrap that in chocolate in the Western fashion is truly a blending of Japanese and Western style—the Silk Road of confectionery."
".........What?
 What\'s so funny?"
"N‐...nothing.
 My apologies."
This mysterious witch, who surely held a terrifying power,
 was chomping down on the treats one after another, making a sound like a squirrel stuffing walnuts into its mouth.
 After a while, Shannon couldn\'t conceal her laughter.
"Hmm, a fine treat.
 ......I should serve you some Dolce Vita from Nero one of these days.
 Roses are the symbol of eternal love.
 I believe a rose dolce would be appropriate for you now."
The witch was in a great mood, having enjoyed the modern treats to the full.
"Umm, .........here.
 I truly can\'t thank you enough.
 I believe you have done more than enough for me already, so I\'m returning this."
The thing that Shannon had softly set on the table was a gold‐colored butterfly brooch.
"There is no need to return it.
 If you continue holding that, your relationship should remain firm in perpetuity."
"......I may have been given the chance to meet him through the power of magic.
 But I think the effort that will make that encounter eternal should come from the two of us cooperating together."
"Hmm.
 ......So love, too, is like a rose.
 Too much fertilizer causes the roots to rot.
 Some flowers cannot be raised without hard work.
 In that case, do as you wish.
 You may keep it in a box, rather than on your person.
 That is my goodwill, given to you.
 It would not please me to have it returned."
"Ah, ......my, my apologies...!
 That\'s not what I..."
"*cackle*cackle*.
 No harm has been done.
 That brooch is already yours.
 If you treasure that as proof of our friendship, that would comfort me a little."
"You may hold on to it, and gain its benefits.
 You may also keep it in a box.
 If you wish, you are even free to give it to another who is worrying about love.
 ......But you should regard it as important.
 It would certainly pain my heart if you did not take care of it."
According to BEATRICE, she had appeared several times in the past in response to a person\'s summons so that she could give them an item imbued with some kind of magical power.
...However, most of them, after they used that power to resolve their worries,
 would quickly come to think of that power as creepy, and, forgetting their feelings of thanks, they would throw away the items they had been given with disgust.
"Which is why I haven\'t often received thanks for my good will.
 ......Let\'s see, is this the first time?
 *cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*."
The witch laughed heartily, but it looked like a sad laugh to Shannon\'s eyes.
She herself had been like that in the past—no, maybe she was still like that now.
BEATRICE was definitely a witch, with a strange and terrifying power.
Most likely, no one would go along with her if they could help it.
And even though on occasion they had relied on her strange power, it had undoubtedly resulted in fear more often than gratitude.
.........It must have deeply hurt the witch when that repeated over and over.
From the moment that she realized this,
 ...Shannon decided to stop being frightened of BEATRICE.
That had surely tormented her for over a thousand years...
Maybe she really liked the treats.
 BEATRICE, who normally spoke abusively, praised the black tea that Shannon served her, and looked to be in remarkably high spirits.
On such terms, the witch and the servant grew animated talking about the trip with George.
Shannon didn\'t know much about BEATRICE.
First off, she was a ghost‐like being who appeared in unexpected places at unexpected times.
And it seemed that not everyone could perceive that she was there.
It seemed that each person had something called a wavelength, and that there was a great amount of individual variation in people\'s ability to perceive the witch.
Only Shannon and Kanon could interact with her enough to exchange words like this.
...There were a few people who could sense her presence, but most people couldn\'t even feel that much.
From what BEATRICE said, Krauss and his wife in particular had zero magical talent.
 And no matter how much she followed them around, they would never notice her.
Previously, when Shannon had messed up and Natsuhi had gotten really mad at her, BEATRICE had started playing around, hitting Natsuhi on the head with her pipe.
...Indeed, Natsuhi seems completely oblivious.
But Shannon, watching that, had burst out laughing without thinking, and had gotten scolded even more.
"Then, ......what about the Master?
 I hear that he has been doing research in magic, so I\'m sure he would be able to notice you, BEATRICE‐sama."
"............Kinzo is the same.
 There is no one with a more pitiful lack of magical talent.
 ...It\'s the blood.
 He has so little talent, he is worthy of sympathy."
"..................?"
As soon as they started talking about Kinzo, it felt like the atmosphere around BEATRICE changed.
She had spoken about Krauss and the rest\'s lack of magic talent as though she looked down on them, but she spoke of Kinzo in a different way.
Anyone connected to the Ushiromiya family would know about Kinzo\'s Legend of the Gold.
...According to the legend, Kinzo had summoned the witch BEATRICE, and had been conferred gold.
...In short, that implied she had some kind of relationship with Kinzo.
"So, you see, ......he attained that level despite not having a single scrap of talent.
 ...It was through frenzied solitary study that he reached the tier of mage."
"That\'s.........something really incredible, right......?"
"......Mmhm."
The witch, who usually looked down on people, was unexpectedly praising someone.
...While she lambasted Kinzo, calling him talentless, she praised his efforts.
"And then, .........the Master summoned you with the power of magic......"
"Mmhm.
 ......Well, I only answered the summons on a whim.
 In this period where magic has long been denied, there I saw a being, without a scrap of talent, giving it his all.
 It was just my luck that I\'d decide to come and laugh at him.
 *cackle*cackle*cackle*."
The words "just my luck"...showed that this had been a disaster for her.
Shannon hesitated over whether it would be alright to encourage her to continue, but BEATRICE continued on her own, ignoring Shannon.
"The format and rules were all there, at least.
 He\'d mixed up a few of the procedures, but, well, in deference to his enthusiasm, I generously responded to his contract.
 ......And I gave him a mountain of gold."
"Then the Master...used that gold and succeeded in business, and grew his wealth into what it is today."
"Mm. His talent in magic was nothing, but it seems he had talent in business and gambling.
 ...Or was it because of his bravery and madness to stake everything on irrational bets?
 ......Madness sometimes brings about magic.
 Yes, if I look at it that way, maybe I can\'t really say that Kinzo had absolutely no magical talent.
 *cackle*cackle*..."
Shannon felt like she was daydreaming.
While everyone in the Ushiromiya family knew of the story that Kinzo had delved into sorcery, summoned a witch, and been given gold, in actuality, it was all rambling that no one believed in.
And now the witch herself was telling her that it was true...
Shannon felt a little flustered at this insane secret that only she knew.
"Then Kinzo, who had obtained a vast fortune, satisfied his every dream that could be granted in the human world.
 .........And finally, he sought the truth of the world."
"The truth...of the world?"
"...The single element that makes up the world.
 Kinzo, who had achieved everything one can obtain in the human world, wanted that, the final desire humans seek."
The single element.
 .........She felt like she had heard the witch say those words before.
When BEATRICE saw Shannon trying to remember what that was, she smiled awkwardly, waving her hand and saying there was no need to remember.
"......I underestimated Kinzo a trifle.
 I truly hadn\'t thought that he would display such power."
"......And thanks to that, I\'m in this state.
 I\'ve been sewn in place on this island for several decades now, without even a friend to drink tea with.
 ...My voice reaches none I call out to, and I cannot go anywhere.
 Such boring decades."
As she laughed in self‐derision, she tapped her teacup with her finger.
 It made the clear sound of porcelain.
...Shannon didn\'t know whether the word "self‐derision" was really an accurate expression to describe the look on the witch\'s face.
Shannon didn\'t understand everything, but she could more or less figure out the situation.
...And it was surely a topic that she should not press the witch on lightly, unless the witch started talking about it herself.
To sum up everything she had said up until now...
BEATRICE, who had been summoned by Kinzo\'s magic, could not leave this island for some reason.
 And she had lost her power and her form, living her days in boredom.
During that time, her words had reached Shannon, who never forgot to strongly respect the witch.
 And she had made Shannon help her to regain her power, even if only a little bit of it.
...As a result, she had become able to drink tea with Shannon like this...
"......BEATRICE‐sama, what in the world was that mirror you told me to break?"
"Aaah, that topic.
 .........It seems that a lot of things happened on the islands around this area, in the distant past.
 Bad things gathered due to that, attracting bad distortions.
 It seems that a traveling Eastern mage or someone built a shrine for the repose of souls and sealed them in there."
"...That in itself had nothing to do with me, but unfortunately the foundation of that magical power was different.
 It created a strong interference with my own magic, and was extremely bothersome."
"Is that how it was...?
 I just assumed that it had been sealing you, BEATRICE‐sama..."
"I was not its target.
 But it was a divine mirror.
 As a result, my power was sealed away."
"......If I were to use food as an example, maybe it would go something like this.
 Let\'s say that I have ordered some Western cuisine, which is being made in the kitchen.
 However, when it comes time for it to be served, the seating is in the Japanese style, and Japanese tableware has been laid out."
"So the kitchen is unable to take out the plate which would be out of place, and no matter how long I wait, my Western food won\'t arrive—something like that."
"So I had you destroy that Japanese‐style seating, and return the area to a blank slate for a time.
 Thanks to that, the meal I had ordered was finally delivered, and my power came back, you could say.
 However, so far, only the aperitif has arrived."
"It will still be quite some time before the main dish.
 As I am now, I\'m even more faint than a fairy in a shoe store."
".........pf...
...ahahahahahahaha."
"Mh.
 What\'s so funny?"
"Nothing...
 I was just thinking witches\' analogies are so interesting.
 I never thought you could use food as an analogy to talk about magic."
"I had thought it to be a skillful description, if I do say so myself, and I certainly did not imagine it would be laughed at.
 I feel a little offended."
A slightly sulky expression rose to the witch\'s face.
...It would not have been a strange expression at all to see appear on the face of two friends as they enjoyed their tea.
"......Although I may not look it, I was known for doing extremely brutal things in the past.
 ...I\'ve gotten soft.
 Now I can even have a foolish discussion while drinking tea with a human."
She was probably talking to herself.
As BEATRICE gazed at the sea birds tracing the horizon, she put her tea to her lips again.
"...The clouds have come out.
 When the ocean loses its brilliance, it\'s nothing more than a gray puddle."
"You think so?
 ......I think the ocean is a beautiful deep blue, even if it gets cloudy."
"............Hmph."
Maybe the witch had noticed the deep meaning behind Shannon\'s words.
...She laughed lightly and set down her empty teacup.
"......It seems that those things buried in your eyes aren\'t black pebbles anymore.
 So?
 ......Do you understand the feeling of furniture being reborn as a human?"
"...............Yes.
 ...I didn\'t know that the world was this kind."
Since her relationship with George had begun, Shannon\'s face had grown brighter more often.
Her smile had made everything go smoothly, and had even changed her luck.
......Shannon made fewer mistakes in her work than she had before, and the family members\' opinion of her was starting to change slightly.
Just the other day, Krauss, who rarely exchanged words with her, had suddenly started talking to her, surprising her.
"You\'ve been making a good smile more often lately, haven\'t you?
 Has something good happened?"
"N‐no...
 But......every day is fun, yes."
"Hmph.
 Isn\'t that good to hear.
 Coffee is obviously more delicious if it\'s poured with a smile.
 ......Could I ask for another cup, with that smile again?"
"Ye‐......yes!"
That had become a chance for Shannon to gain confidence in herself.
Of course, it didn\'t go beyond her own heart, and it wasn\'t so big a change that everyone could see it.
...But she had begun to change, bit by bit.
Shannon understood it clearly.
 To know love was to gain a soul.
 ...And therefore, to be born again from furniture to a human.
There was absolutely nothing mistaken in BEATRICE\'s words.
......By knowing love, Shannon had learned what it was to be human.
"......These have been unusual snacks.
 It was time well spent.
 It\'s probably about time for you to return to your work.
 Let us end our tea party now."
"......After all, it seems there are some who dislike your drinking tea with me, you see?"
"Huh?"
The witch gripped a teaspoon and flipped it with her fingers, sending it up in the air.
...Then, it was flicked by the fingers of some invisible person in empty space, and flew straight into a bush close nearby.
The bush moved violently, and Kanon came out.
......It seemed that he had been there for some time, and had been watching their tea party.
The spoon was gripped in his hand.
...If he had not been able to catch it by reflex, it might have hit him hard in the forehead and caused him to start oozing blood.
"..........................."
"Calm yourself.
 Our tea party is over now, Kanon."
"How long were you there?
 If you had called to us, I\'d have poured you some tea too..."
"I imagine that you didn\'t want to interrupt a pair of women talking, right?
 *cackle*cackle*!"
".................."
Kanon kept silent, but it seemed that there was a slightly hostile look in his eyes.
...On the outside, he acted respectfully.
 But unlike Shannon, Kanon did not trust the witch.
 BEATRICE rapped the table with her pipe, and the tea set turned into gold butterflies, which flew upwards in unison.
They scattered in every direction, and the cleanup was already done.
"It was fun, Shannon.
 ...Let us meet again if the chance arises.
 ......My magical power is still quite lacking.
 It\'s tiring even to show myself."
"......If it tires you that much, never appear again."
Kanon had said it in a small voice, but it seemed the witch had heard it perfectly.
She giggled, but did not reply.
"Shannon.
 Tell me more about George at our next tea party.
 There are no snacks sweeter than a person\'s love life.
 *cackle*cackle*cackle*.
 I bid you farewell."
BEATRICE\'s body also became gold butterflies, which scattered in all directions and disappeared.
...It was a very fantastical and beautiful scene, like a blizzard of gold leaf.
For a while, Shannon quietly watched the witch\'s exit...
Kanon approached her from behind, and spoke with a very different expression on his face than his sister\'s.
".........Nee‐san, didn\'t I tell you that you shouldn\'t hang around with her?"
"BEATRICE‐sama isn\'t that bad of a person.
 ...Yes, she might be a little strange, but—"
"The fact that only we can see her is suspicious enough...
 She isn\'t human.
 Who knows what she\'s planning."
"Kanon‐kun, I think that\'s a little rude."
Shannon spoke seriously, which was unusual for her.
...To Kanon, who knew her well, it must have seemed extremely serious.
Kanon showed almost excessive surprise at Shannon\'s style of speech, and remained silent.
"It\'s true that BEATRICE‐sama is different from humans.
 She has a terrifying power, so I think she is to be feared and respected.
 ...But I think it\'s really rude to loathe her just for the single reason that she\'s different from a human."
"............I know what you\'re trying to say, Nee‐san.
 ...You\'ve changed since she gave you that brooch.
 It\'s like you\'re the witch\'s prisoner.
 She mediated your relationship with George‐sama, and now you\'re indebted to her."
"...Don\'t say things like that."
"She isn\'t human.
 We don\'t know what she\'s thinking.
 You mustn\'t trust her.
 .........And we aren\'t humans either,
 Nee‐san."
Kanon\'s words became more serious.
 ...Those words probably gouged at Shannon\'s heart.
 Shannon bit her lower lip and hung her head.
"We are furniture.
 ...Even if we receive names and are treated as humans, that won\'t change how we were born."
You are no longer furniture...
Those words BEATRICE had given her, which had made her happiest of all, floated through Shannon\'s mind...
"I am not...
......furniture."
"No, you are.
 We are less than human.
 ......Nee‐san, you\'re acting like you\'ve forgotten that, ...and you\'re just pretending to be human.
 You should understand that yourself."
"I\'m......not furniture.
 ...I\'m human...!"
"No, you aren\'t human.
 From the beginning, we have been unqualified to love or be loved."
It seemed that Kanon\'s criticisms had shifted focus from Shannon\'s interactions with the witch.
...Shannon also noticed that quickly.
"I heard from Milady.
 Seriously, what were you thinking?
 I can\'t believe that you would go on a trip with George‐sama...!
 You\'ve forgotten your place as furniture.
 You\'ve just been tempted by that witch, and mistakenly believe that you became human!"
"Listen, Kanon‐kun.
 ............We certainly are furniture.
 Lesser beings, inferior to humans."
"...But if we were to gain the missing remainder...
...wouldn\'t that mean we\'d have become human?"
"......That couldn\'t happen."
"No, it could.
 If we can gain that, we won\'t be furniture.
 We can become human."
"..................
 .........Ridiculous.
 ...As if we......could."
Kanon spat that out, ...but weakly, and turned away.
That was probably...resignation.
 ......The baptism of days upon days of suffering being furniture had firmly sealed his heart...
"...You can too, Kanon‐kun.
 ......You can become a normal human."
"...........................
 Stop it, that\'s the witch talking."
"That\'s right.
 BEATRICE‐sama taught me.
 ......By gaining the single element of the world, we can become human."
"No—nobody\'s human without that.
 ......That\'s why people spend their entire lives trying to gain that single element."
"I have no idea what you\'re talking about, Nee‐san.
 I don\'t want to listen to rambling."
"Then I\'ll teach you in a way you can understand.
 .........Look, see what I\'m pointing at?"
"......?"
Shannon pointed straight at the sea, at the horizon.
Kanon didn\'t understand what she was actually pointing at, and couldn\'t do anything except look between the horizon and Shannon\'s expression, which looked like it was posing a riddle.
"The ocean.
 ......Kanon‐kun, what color does the ocean look to you?"
It was an all too simple question.
Kanon tried to guess the meaning behind that question for a while,
 but since he couldn\'t think of anything, he gave his answer straightforwardly.
"...It\'s an uninspiring dark gray.
 So what?"
Objectively speaking, the sea, laid out beneath a cloudy sky, could probably be described best by Kanon\'s words.
......But as Shannon closed her eyes and smiled, she shook her head slightly.
"It looks deep blue to me."
"......Is that what you mean?
 Like using the word "ao" for a green traffic light?"
"No.
 ......The ocean is deep blue.
 If I can see that, and you can\'t,
 ...then...that\'s exactly the reason..."
Kanon bit his lower lip and was silent for a while.
"........................
 .........I.........can\'t see it."
"Kanon‐kun,
 ......stick out your hand?"
As Kanon stood bewildered, unable to understand what she was saying, she took his arm, and opened the palm of his hand.
Shannon softly set something there.
It was that magic brooch, which she had received from BEATRICE.
The magic charm, shaped like a gold butterfly, which could fulfill love.
"This is...
.........her......"
"No, this is mine.
 ...So think of it as me and treat it with respect, okay?"
"....................."
After being told that, he couldn\'t just throw it away.
Kanon didn\'t know what he should do, and he stood there confused for a while, the brooch still on the palm of his hand.
Shannon put the palm of her hand on top of Kanon\'s, and the brooch was warmed by both of their hands.
"This charm holds true magical power.
 ......I\'m sure that it will teach you an important emotion, Kanon‐kun."
"...There is nothing her magic can teach me."
"No, there is.
 ......So wear it.
 If that\'s embarrassing, I hear it\'s okay if you just hide it in your pocket."
"............Ridiculous...
 As if I\'d be led astray by her magic."
Even as he said that, Kanon couldn\'t be cold‐hearted towards something Shannon was pressing on him.
In the end, Kanon agreed reluctantly to take it,
 saying he\'d prove that he wouldn\'t surrender to the witch\'s power.
 Shannon smiled and nodded back.
"I\'m sure you can learn something important from it.
 ......And I\'m sure you can become human.
 And when you do, I\'m sure that this ocean will look a beautiful blue to you as well."
"...Gray is gray no matter how many times you look."
"That\'s wrong, Kanon‐kun.
 ......It only looks like that because you have no———."
"Huh...?"
Because of the howling wind, he hadn\'t been able to catch the critical part of what she\'d just said.
So Shannon said it once more.
...The single element of the world.
 She spoke once more of a world full of that element, where the sea was deep blue.
"I\'m sure you\'ll be able to see a deep blue ocean.
 After all—"
{a:c:Without love, it cannot be {y:1:‘seen’}{n:1:seen}.}
".........Who is there?"
"......It is Kanon, my lord."
It was rare for Kinzo to leave his study.
......However, that in itself didn\'t mean his noble research had been suspended.
He may have left the study for a change of mood,
 but the thoughts filling his head were no different from those he had inside the study.
So Kanon knew that no matter what the time, speaking to Kinzo when he didn\'t want to be spoken to would always be a disturbance to his research.
"The weather is heavy.
 Will it get worse?"
"Yes.
 According to the weather report, it could rain at any time.
 ......Shall I bring you an umbrella, my lord?"
"That won\'t be necessary.
 ......You should leave me alone for a while.
 If my children ask, say that you do not know where I am.
 I am busy on a journey through my own thoughts."
"......Certainly.
 Then, if you would excuse me."
During the time that Kanon bowed to him, Kinzo had already returned to his own world, and had forgotten that Kanon was there.
And once again, he began rambling to himself.
Amidst those words, ...the name of that witch was repeated many times.
"......Ooohh, BEATRICE...
 My hand does not reach your smile...
 What should I do to revive you—what should I do so that you smile at me once again...?
 ......What is lacking?
 My research? My materials? A catalyst?
 Or is it magical power or luck or an oracle...?!"
"Ooohhh, BEATRICE, what must I do to see your face one more time...?
 Ooooooooohhhhhhh......"
As Kanon listened to his master\'s weeping voice over his shoulder, he turned around just once.
When he did,
 ............right behind his isolated old master,
 ......was the silhouette of a person that shouldn\'t have been there.
It was......the witch.
At once, Kanon, thinking that the witch must be plotting to do Kinzo some harm,
 quickly ran back to Kinzo, trying to become a shield himself.
But when he saw the expression on the witch\'s face,
 ...that emotion of his vanished.
Because BEATRICE\'s expression was one of...
...sorrow,
 ......or maybe pity.
"You fool, Kinzo......
 ......I am right here, can you not {y:1:‘see’}{n:1:see} me?"
Right behind Kinzo, as he repeated the witch\'s name over and over, desiring to be reunited with her more than anything else, was the witch herself.
And yet, Kinzo couldn\'t notice a thing.
......Even when BEATRICE tried to rest her hand on his shoulder, he didn\'t notice a thing.
"...Why, why does my hand not reach BEATRICE\'s smile?!
 Is it the phase of the moon,
 the period of the comets,
 the alignment of the planets?!
 What is lacking, what, what?!!"
".........It\'s useless, Kinzo.
 ...Without love,
 it cannot be {y:1:‘seen’}{n:1:seen}."
Kanon took the brooch he had received from Shannon out of his pocket.
......Could he learn something that would enable him, too, to {y:1:‘see’}{n:1:see} what he currently could not?
".................................
 Without love, it cannot be {y:1:‘seen’}{n:1:seen}."
He looked at Kinzo\'s back once more.
......The witch was no longer there.
