"................................."
Rosa woke up from her doze.
......It must have been a very deep sleep.
Her mind was fuzzy and she wasn\'t thinking clearly.
Where was she...
It felt like some mansion, but at least it didn\'t seem to be the Ushiromiya family mansion.
She was in a room that looked like a parlor.
......And there was some tea that had been prepared.
It had almost certainly been prepared for her.
Sparkles like gold leaf were dancing around the room, and it looked very dreamlike.
...She eventually realized that they were gold butterflies, which made that stand out even more.
There was someone across from her.
......Female.
 ......A lady.
.........The witch...
of the portrait.
She looked like she was having a one‐sided conversation.
She was probably talking to Rosa,
 but Rosa\'s mind was clouded up by a deep fog, and she didn\'t have a clue what was being said...
"......It can be anything.
 If there is anything you desire, I will give you it all.
 You may think of it as a reward for your good luck, or as a proper trade for my demands."
"To you, it may not be that great a thing at all.
 But that is how significant this transaction is to me."
............What is she...talking about.
...I don\'t know,
 ...I don\'t know.
"Only, ......considering that I am a witch,
 I think it would be wise to ask for something that only a witch can grant."
"Isn\'t this a rare chance.
 You can actually receive a favor from me, {f:5:Beatrice} the Golden.
 *cackle*cackle*!"
"........................u........."
Finally, Rosa started to feel the blood flowing through her body.
...Her movements were still sluggish, and she couldn\'t even voice the words she was thinking.
"I am commonly called the Golden Witch.
 Bestowing a mountain of gold, like I gave to Kinzo, is no problem for me.
 ......After all, every pleasure of the human world can be expressed in terms of cash.
 Put another way, gold is human pleasure itself."
"Can you imagine?
 A mountain of gold that you couldn\'t use up as long as you lived."
The witch blew on her pipe, and seven colors of smoke covered the area.
When she did, the inside of the parlor...had suddenly become filled with stacks of gold ingots.
It looked like a shining gold‐colored wall.
...If each ingot was worth tens of millions of yen,
 how much would all of this be worth?
It seemed sinful to even think of that number.
"......However, the human world is difficult.
 I know that there are some things that cannot be satisfied no matter how high into the sky you pile up gold.
 I know that there are cracks that can\'t be filled."
"I won\'t make light of that, and in fact, I believe that is why this is a gift that only a witch such as I can give."
"......Why don\'t I fill those cracks in for you?
 Yes, how about this.
 It\'s something that only I can give.
 You should be very happy."
"......You don\'t have to say it out loud.
 I can understand it right away, the cracks in your heart are written on your face, *cackle*cackle*!"
Rosa felt a touch of discomfort at this witch,
 who kept on talking even though she herself hadn\'t uttered a single word,
 but since she still couldn\'t speak well, and found it difficult even to move a finger, she could do nothing about it,
 and was unable to do anything but listen.
"How far back must I trace the deep wounds in your heart in order to heal them?"
"......This is...
...deep,
 deep.
 ......Sometimes, wounds close up while a fragment of something is still inside.
 ...Even when those wounds appear to have healed, they will continue to throb for all eternity.
 Sometimes you have to open the wound once to completely heal it."
As the witch spoke, she was staring deep into Rosa\'s eyes.
......What in the world...was she peering at?
 Rosa felt uncomfortable, but she couldn\'t look away.
"............So this pain of yours was preordained from your very birth.
 ...How heart‐breaking.
 ...You don\'t have to say it.
 I understand.
 ......I understand......"
Gradually, Rosa, in turn, was drawn into the witch\'s eyes.
Gradually, the world grew dark, spinning round and round as she was sucked in...
Rosa, Rosa.
 Why are you such an idiot?
Oh, that\'s Krauss nii‐san\'s voice.
Krauss nii‐san is very grown‐up, so he\'s very smart.
So he hated the stupid kid Rosa.
And he was a very scary person, and I was often hit, and my toys were taken from me and broken.
He would say it was a punishment because I did something bad, but I didn\'t really understand what that was, or why I was being punished.
I was always punished suddenly, and then after the fact, I was told in a contrived manner that it was a punishment for something or other,
 but it was always something I didn\'t remember doing.
......So I really hated Krauss nii‐san.
Rosa, Rosa.
 Why are you such an idiot?
Oh, that\'s Eva nee‐san\'s voice.
Eva nee‐san is very grown‐up, so she\'s very smart.
So she hated the stupid kid Rosa.
And she was a very sly person, and I was often lied to, tricked, and bullied a lot.
She would say it was because I was stupid, and that it was only natural for stupid people to be swindled by those smarter than them.
So I wanted to become a wise person like Eva nee‐san, and listened to what she said, but when I obeyed her, for some reason, someone always got really mad at me.
......So I really hated Eva nee‐san.
Rosa, Rosa.
 Why are you such an idiot?
Oh, that\'s Rudolf nii‐san\'s voice.
Rudolf nii‐san is very shrewd.
So he hated the stupid kid Rosa.
When Krauss nii‐san was around, he was friendly with Krauss nii‐san.
When Eva nee‐san was around, he was friendly with Eva nee‐san.
...And when Krauss nii‐san wasn\'t around, he was violent like Krauss nii‐san,
 and when Eva nee‐san wasn\'t around, he played dirty like Eva nee‐san.
And even though he too was bullied most of the time,
 when Krauss nii‐san and Eva nee‐san weren\'t around, he gave me two people\'s worth of bullying.
......So I really hated Rudolf nii‐san.
......Oh, but these are my memories from when I was a kid.
Quite a lot of unfair things happen when you\'re a kid.
And you can\'t drag them out forever.
In time, you bury them away in the far reaches of memory, and forget them bit by bit; that is supposed to be what it means to grow up, and become an adult.
So becoming an adult is the same thing as separating yourself from all of those memories.
And so.
 No matter how much time passed, Rosa couldn\'t become an adult.
......Even though she had been blessed with a daughter called Maria and was called a mother,
 ...she didn\'t at all feel like she had become an adult.
The witch pitied that.
And she smiled, saying that she could heal that pain herself.
"......How to heal you.
 It\'s possible, but not easy.
 ...I could even rewind time, and give you a world where you have no elder siblings."
"But that way, your "memories of being hurt by your elder siblings" wouldn\'t remain,
 and therefore, you would be unable to acknowledge it as a reward."
"It is the relieving of hunger that brings satisfaction.
 If you erase hunger itself, no one will thank you.
 Just like how there are no young people who give thanks for their daily gluttony.
 ......Understand?"
I think she just told me something really difficult.
...In short, even if she makes it so that I never had elder siblings, the pain wouldn\'t be removed,
 maybe that\'s what she\'s saying.
Strictly speaking, it\'s different.
Healing isn\'t the same thing as removing pain.
It\'s the pleasure earned for withstanding pain.
Therefore, there can be no healing without pain.
To know the joy of healing, you have to know the pain.
"In that case, ......you will require joy that compensates for your pain.
 You can feel proud of the past you have suffered.
 Because you are qualified to know a kind of pleasure that those who have not known suffering cannot taste.
 ...Those that have known this pleasure cannot help but give the same joy to others...
 *cackle*cackle*..."
The witch snapped her fingers, and even though the room was still filled with a mountain of gold,
 and was already like something from another world, a fabulous tablecloth appeared on top of the table,
 and wonderful cooking was laid out, almost as though it was the opening of a banquet in a castle from some fairy tale.
For an instant, Rosa felt a pleasurable surprise at how fabulous it was,
 ...but at the same time, she felt a bit of anticlimax.
Because she found herself thinking that being bullied by her siblings...
couldn\'t be wiped away by just one meal, no matter how delicious.
"Food contains many of the human pleasures.
 You must eat like a pig as long as you live."
"If one meal isn\'t enough, then as many as you want.
 Let us continue this gourmet banquet until the pain of your heart is healed.
 ......Begin, furniture."
As the witch clapped twice,
 there were suddenly goat‐head servants there, and they began to prepare the meal.
From the beautiful food dishes adorning the table, they efficiently took some food and began to pile it up on Rosa\'s plate.
It really did look delicious, but Rosa\'s body still felt as heavy as lead,
 and there was no way she could eat.
Maybe they also understood that.
The goat‐head servants tied a napkin around Rosa\'s collar,
 and gallantly brought a glass of before‐dinner alcohol to her mouth, and even tilted it for her.
She remembered an old servant who had once carried rice porridge to her mouth when she was laid up with a high fever.
She couldn\'t drink it well, and it dripped down from her mouth, but she felt the fragrant sweetness spread throughout her mouth.
"It\'s a sweet aperitif of noble rot German‐made wine.
 A wine cocktail of white wine tinged with crimson golden drops."
"If I had to give it a name, I\'d call it a Bloody Krauss.
 The color comes solely from golden drops of your brother\'s blood, obtained by placing him in a compressor."
"Bghk......?! *cough*, *cough*......!!"
Rosa coughed violently.
 And the bright red that stained her face made it look as though she had coughed up blood.
"You know a lot about black tea, so you should know what it means, right?
 "Golden drop" refers to the last drop.
 It is called the most precious drop in black tea."
".........So a golden drop of blood is the same.
 The last and most precious drop of blood squeezed out of a human.
 It\'s squeezed with that."
As the witch snapped her fingers, a bright red veil was pulled off something large which had not been there moments ago.
......The solemn and massive machine there was just like...
a coffin for a large‐sized person, with many large bulb‐like things stuck to it,
 and it looked like a sinister torture device.
By its unnerving shape,
 you could tell that it used manpower to tighten and compress something.
...And it seemed that there were still some squeezed dregs remaining inside,
 because of the bright red remains that stained it.
"But you can\'t take more than one golden drop at once.
 No matter what kind of human you take it from, you can\'t get more than one drop.
 But I am a witch.
 It is also easy to revive a person."
When the witch snapped her fingers, suddenly, the human compressor began to shake.
 ...No, you could also hear a groan.
......It looked almost as though someone had been sleeping in that man‐sized coffin,
 had woken up, and was now struggling to get out.
But that was wrong.
What was inside had definitely been squeezed dregs.
Using her magic, the witch had once again revived the squeezed dregs to how they had been before they were squeezed.
Three goat‐head servants with muscular physiques approached the compressor, and forcefully started tightening the large bulbs.
...As they did, an unearthly moan came from the inside of the coffin.
...Rosa thought she knew the owner of that voice.
"It is fitting for cooking to be done in the kitchen.
 That is enough, stand back."
"......Do you understand now how precious a golden drop is?
 To have it stained this crimson requires that several dozen people\'s worth be squeezed."
The witch had definitely said that only one golden drop could be taken from a single human.
And yet, she had dozens of people\'s worth of golden drops from a single human.
......Only a witch could do this.
The Golden Witch {f:5:Beatrice} could kill a single human "endlessly".
......In other words, before {f:5:Beatrice}, even death did not mean release.
"Want a second sip?
 Have you forgotten the day this man hit you, and you swallowed the blood that ran into your mouth?"
"That\'s right, remember that taste.
 Remember the taste of the tears that you spilled until you were dry.
 I believe this aperitif will be sufficient to heal that regrettable memory.
 *cackle*cackle*!!"
Once again, the goat‐head servants tilted the deep red glass against her mouth.
...Rosa attempted to close her lips in resistance,
 but the deep red liquid was relentlessly poured into her mouth, which was hanging open with shock,
 and the inside of her mouth was filled with a ghastly sweetness...
It was definitely a fragrant sweetness.
Her brother, who she had thought of so hatefully, and who had made her soak her pillow so many times,
 had died dozens of times over to tinge this wine crimson, so it must have tasted sweet.
But Rosa tried to spit it out.
Because of that, the deep red wine that spilled out of Rosa\'s mouth made her look as if she was covered in blood.
......If this ghastly substance was only the aperitif,
 Rosa couldn\'t help but feel uncomfortable about what would happen if this banquet continued.
"That is a forked‐tongued salad made from vegetables in season.
 ...On your ninth birthday, you wished you could bite it off someday—so here is that salad you desired, made from Eva\'s tongue."
"........................!!!"
When Rosa heard the true nature of the pink‐colored meat piled up in the salad,
 she had a sudden impulse to vomit her guts out.
...Furthermore, the goat servants stuck a fork in it, and carried it to Rosa\'s mouth.
"How does your sister\'s forked tongue taste?
 It must be quite soft and enchanting, right?
 *cackle*cackle*!"
How sweet, soft and enchanting it must have tasted in her mouth.
After all, Eva\'s lies were always sweet, and young Rosa had always listened to them.
...So you could say that the taste of the stimulating pepper seasoning that had been added expressed the details of those lies well.
"......mnnnnnnnnnnn!!
 mnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!"
Rosa spat out the tongue salad that kept being pushed into her mouth, covering it with saliva.
But the goat‐head servants carefully returned it to the plate and carried it to Rosa\'s mouth over and over again.
"It goes without saying, but I made this salad generously using five of Eva\'s tongues.
 You can\'t steal more than one tongue out of one person.
 But I can steal it over and over.
 *cackle*cackle*!!"
".........nnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!
 nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!"
As Rosa\'s tears dripped down, she resisted, half‐crazed.
However, the only way she could resist was by refusing to swallow.
Even if she didn\'t swallow it,
 the taste of the french dressing increasingly violated Rosa\'s mouth...
"Is it not to your satisfaction...?
 There\'s still much more food.
 Sea bass pie wrapped in the skin of Rudolf\'s face.
 Soup with boiled brains, liver pate.
 And look forward to dessert, *cackle*cackle*!!"
"It\'s not just your siblings, see?
 I have lavishly arranged all of those who you have trusted and yet betrayed you.
 Why don\'t we continue this banquet for all eternity, until your heart is satisfied.
 For all eternity."
"......You\'re happy, riiiight, Ushiromiya Rosaaaa?
 Don\'t pretend that you hate it I know that you\'re really happy alriiight?
 If you want to laugh, then laugh,
 if you won\'t feel better until you\'ve heard a live performance of your annoying elder siblings\' screams, then I\'ll let you hear them as often as you want."
"It\'s alright that you are so unwilling.
 That\'s your personality, isn\'t it?
 You\'re actually so happy that your skin is crawling all over.
 And yet, on the outside, you\'re just pretending to act like you\'re in pain, aren\'t youuu?"
"It\'s alright, there is no need to worry about honor or your public image or anything here,
 so laugh as much as you want and chew it to bits.
 Isn\'t this the bessst banquet, Ushiromiya Rosaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa???"
".........st‐
 .........please,
 ......stop......
...*cough*, *hack*!!
 uweghhh..."
"Oh, I\'m sorry, I was keeping the dessert a secret to surprise you, but let me reveal it anyways.
 If I reveal it, maybe that will be enough incentive for you to eat up the full course."
"The dessert is that beloved daughter that you had to keep pretending to love,
 oven‐baked Maria and apples.
 Doesn\'t that sound yummyyyy?"
"If you eat this, you will be released from everything.
 Freedom, you see, freedom!
 Finally Rosa will gain freedom as an individual person, aren\'t you happyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?
 Of course you are, drool is hanging from your mouth, just try looking in a mirroooooooooooooooooor, hyahahaaahaahaahaha!!"
Suddenly, a muscular goat‐head cook was holding Maria under his arm.
And Maria gazed at Rosa with a face that was just slightly sad.
"............Mama...
 ......Was I......a burden......?"
"...nnnnnnn!
 You aren\'t a burden!!
 nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!"
As Rosa spat out the food that was continually being carried to her mouth,
 as she was covered with mess and saliva and blood, she resisted filthily and screamed.
"......If you...
think I\'m a burden, Mama,
 ......I\'m fine being eaten."
".........After all, I always do horrible things to you, Mama.
 Even when you brought a man over, I couldn\'t stay quiet.
 When you stayed over with a man, I got lonely and unruly and made a mess of the room."
"When I went to search by myself, I got lost, the police had to pick me up and I brought shame on you, Mama.
 When you didn\'t come home for days, I cried and had to be cheered up by the neighbors, and brought shame on you again, Mama."
"Because I\'m like this, I cause trouble for you, Mama.
 I\'m sorry for being born.
 So I\'ll become delicious oven‐baked apples for you, Mama."
"And then, maybe I can make you happy I exist for the first time.
 Maybe, if you eat me and you think I\'m delicious."
"She will be, riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight?
 Be choked up with tears of gratitude your daughter is saying this much for you seeeeeee?
 Oven‐baked apples and your beloved daughter make for the best dessert!
 You\'ve managed to raise such delicious ingredients,
 aren\'t you the best mother, Ushiromiya Rosaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa???"
".........Mama, thanks for everything.
 Bye bye."
"Wait!!
 Wait, Maria, that\'s wrong!!
 Stop it already, stop it already,
 nooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
 I didn\'t want something like this!"
"Please stop, please let me go!!
 No,
 stop it already,
 don\'t put it...in my mouth...
 uuuuulg,
 gweeeeeeeeeeeeehh!!"
"Have you found my hospitality to your satisfaction...?
 Then I\'ll have you accept it.
 That I am a witch.
 Proclaim it.
 Proclaim that "Ushiromiya Rosa accepts that {f:5:Beatrice} is a witch"!!"
"......I accept it!!
 U‐Ushiromiya Rosa...
...accepts that B‐{f:5:Beatrice}...
...is a witch!!
 So give Maria back!!
 Release meeeeeeeeeeeeee!!"
"*cackle*cackle*, hahahahahahahahahahahahah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐ha!!
 I finally made you accept it!!
 That smart‐alecky Battler has already submitted, and now I\'ve made even Rosa accept it, the fool who denied me after being invited to the Golden Land!!
 Perfect!!
 <It\'s perfect!!>"
"I\'ve accomplished my perfect victory!!
 *cackle*, hahahahahahahahakya‐HAH‐HAH‐HAH‐HAH‐HAH‐HA!!
 Now, take Maria away, prepare a delicious oven roast for Rosa!!"
"Nooooooooooooooooooooooo, Mariaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"
"Looks delicious.
 Slice up your cow tits and make me a sandwich."
"Wha‐......th‐that voice!!
 Ooof?!"
An arm grabbed the back of the witch\'s head and smashed her face into the table.
As it did, the witch broke to pieces, turned into a group of gold butterflies, and reformed into her body a short distance away.
"Ba‐.........Battler?!?!
 Y‐......you cursed man,
 ...I, I thought you became furniture, that you submitted down to your very soul!!"
"I thought I did too.
 ...But while I was listening to your gross recipes, I started to get a little hungry."
"Now I feel like eating a whole roast witch!!"
"And Maria.
 It\'s ten years too early for you to talk about having someone eat you.
 But in ten years, you have to say that to me. Promise."
"......Uu.
 Promise."
"Ba‐...Battler‐kun...!"
"Sorry to keep you waiting, Auntie Rosa.
 I had forgotten.
 This was a one‐on‐one fight between me and this woman.
 I was never supposed to give in.
 ......Thanks to your persistence, I\'ve regained my will to fight!!"
......Th‐...this man, he was broken to the depths of his soul, and capitulated to me...
......I see, he doesn\'t know when to give up, just what I\'d expect from Ushiromiya Kinzo\'s grandson...!
 So the chick of a phoenix is a phoenix after all...!
"Fu...fuhahahahahahahahaha, how vigorous, I like it!
 I wouldn\'t have it any other way!!"
"That is exactly what I expect from you, Ushiromiya Battler!!
 Try to deny me, I\'ll completely and thoroughly smash you to bits!
 I will break you over and over again, and I\'ll teach you, one who has licked my shoes, the taste of defeat over and over!!"
"No problem, I\'ll teach you that I, Ushiromiya Battler, am a man who\'ll stand back up even after crawling in the mud!!"
"I\'ve never had the experience of being invincible in a fight.
 I\'ve lost many times."
"But I always crawl through the mud and stand up again.
 And I always finish what I started!!
 In a man\'s fight, you don\'t lose until you accept defeat, no matter how much you get beat up!!"
"Don\'t think I\'m out just because you took a shot at me.
 Entertain me, {f:5:Beatriceeeeeeeeeeeee}!!"
"I\'ll accept your challenge, Ushiromiya Battler!!
 Furniture, begin preparations for the next game!!"
"And while we\'re waiting, I have much I want to hear from you!
 There were many locked rooms in this game.
 Using red, I\'ve smashed to bits most of the methods by which you tried to talk yourself out.
 What other evasive quibbles will you show me now?!!"
"The lock to the chapel, the lock to Jessica\'s room, the lock to the servant room, the lock to Natsuhi\'s room, the lock to the parlor!!
 Use all those things you humans are so good at pulling out of the blue,
 your delusions, rantings, daydreams, bluffs,
 all slanted with ridiculous, incredible turns of events, and show how you can thoroughly deny meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!"
"Aaah, it\'s no good,
 it\'s no goddamn good at aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllll!!!"
