"Where are you, {f:5:Beatrice}!!
 Show yourself!!
 {f:5:Beatriceee}!!"
Rosa finally arrived at the chapel.
 She pointed her gun around her, screaming the witch\'s name, but there was no way there would be an answer.
After grimacing slightly, she noisily approached the table where her siblings\' corpses were still exposed, and stretched out her arm towards the gold ingots.
They were very heavy, but Rosa paid that no regard.
She wrapped one of them up in a blanket, and slung it over her shoulder.
"At least...just this one......
 Just this should be worth more than ten million..."
Rosa did not part with her gun either, carrying the gold in addition to it.
...Her shoulders were screaming, but Rosa didn\'t care.
"......Kihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihi.
 It will happen very soon.
 ......Very soon, the door to the Golden Land...will open."
"Stop laughing with that creepy voice!!
 Where is {f:5:Beatrice}?!
 Yes, I know it, she\'s around here somewhere, isn\'t she?!
 You know, right?!
 Where?!"
"Kihihihihihihihihihihihi.
 I dooon\'t knowww.
 Even if you don\'t search for her, you can meet her in the Golden Land.
 ...Kihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihi,
 ouch."
"Stop that laugh!!
 ......Aaah, it almost makes {i:me} want to laugh!!
 That\'s right, that was definitely a witch, definitely a witch!!
 I didn\'t understand, I thought it was a human calling herself a witch, I was wrong!!!"
"...It really was a witch!!
 I won\'t be fooled by a thing like that!!
 You\'re there, aren\'t you?!
 Come out, show yourself!!
 {f:5:Beatriceeeeeeeeeeeeee}!!!"
"I told you, she\'ll appear very soon.
 The door to the Golden Land will be opened.
 ......Kihihihihihihihihihihihi..."
"............Of course.
 That\'s what I should have done!
 I don\'t care, I shall throw away the rook!
 You, woman, are the king, who can\'t even be reached without the resolve to lose everything one has.
 I\'ll corner you, {f:5:Beatriceeee}.
 Hihahahahahahahahahaha!"
"At least call me a queen.
 Hoh, what a brilliant move.
 Tenacity is in your, ...no, in the Ushiromiyas\' blood."
"......How pleasant!
 Truly an elegant night.
 Ku‐hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐ha...!!"
".........My lord; {f:5:Beatrice}‐sama.
 It will soon be time for the banquet."
"Already?
 ......That\'s fast.
 Every night I pass with you goes by fast;
 the moon falls like an apple, and the sun rises like a small fish leaping out of the river."
"Shall we go, it is time.
 ......Stand, Battler.
 It is the beginning of the banquet to celebrate my revival."
"I\'ll introduce you as my new furniture, ...no, as my toy.
 To the dignitaries among witches."
The witch was relaxing elegantly, her feet thrown out from the sofa and sitting on top of a footrest.
...However, the footrest wasn\'t a part of the sofa, ......it was a {y:0:Human}{n:0:human}.
 Which was down on all fours......
"......{f:5:Beatrice}‐sama, your silk dress."
"You are the guest of honor, but I am the host.
 I will go out first.
 It would have been nice if Shannon were here to help dress you, but, unfortunately, it seems that she no longer remains."
"......She\'s never around when I want to use her.
 Completely useless.
 .........However, you did well to remain here.
 ...I\'m happy, my friend."
"......I am grateful for your words."
"Good.
 Wait downstairs, you two.
 Genji, good work, set the dress down over there."
"......Certainly.
 .........Well then, my lord."
"We will go first.
 ...{f:5:Beatrice}, I will see you later."
"Indeed."
Kinzo and Genji left the study.
After that, only the witch and the dress and the furniture remained.
".........Do you know why I am not embarrassed to show myself to you naked...?"
"..........................."
"It\'s because you are furniture.
 Furrrrniture.
 Understand?
 Furniture, just furrrrniture!"
"Who would feel shame at exposing their body to furniture?
 So there is no reason for me to feel shame because of you.
 ...*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*!"
The witch stood up, and removed her jacket just at the shoulders.
......The jacket slumped down at the back.
When the furniture respectfully approached to pick up her clothing, the witch gave it a small kick and it fell over.
...The furniture was afraid of what misconduct it had shown...
"Do you, as furniture, plan to force me to unbutton myself?"
"......Stand.
 And undo the buttons.
 ...One by one, carefully.
 Quickly.
 Beautifully.
 With no mistakes.
 The guests are being kept waiting, change my clothes quickly."
"..................Yes..."
"*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*, kakakaka, hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐ha!!
 Undo them carefully.
 Those buttons are each worth more than one of your eyeballs.
 ...If you accidentally tear one off, I\'ll sew on an eyeball of yours in its place...
 *cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*!!"
The entrance hall was bustling with a large number of figures.
And it was sparkling gold with the gold butterflies flying around.
The gentlemen in suits and tuxedos and the ladies in dresses looked like they were having a great number of friendly chats.
 At a glance, it might have looked like a fabulous medieval ball.
But they all had one thing in common, and that thing was exceedingly bizarre.
......Because all of them...had goat heads.
It was impossible to tell whether it was a goat mask masquerade,
 .........or whether they really had goat heads.
...The latter was a ridiculous notion, but in this bizarre world, there was serious doubt about which was true...
Kinzo was amongst those goat nobles, greeting them.
Every one of them seemed to be an honored guest, and Kinzo greeted them more respectfully than could ever have been imagined from his normal demeanor.
At that time, Genji\'s voice rang out through the hall.
It was a voice calling for silence.
That voice stopped the voices of idle chatter, and everyone turned to face Genji.
".........Tonight marks the entrance of our Golden Witch, who has achieved her revival,
 the Lady {f:5:Beatrice}.
 I ask you all to join me in welcoming her with your applause."
When Genji began to applaud, it quickly spread through the guests, and became thunderous applause.
And.........the Golden Witch appeared at the top of the large staircase...
She gracefully waved her hand as she slowly descended the staircase...with her preferred furniture in tow...
The goat nobles offered unanimous words of celebration in some long‐forgotten language.
And those with whom she was closely acquainted embraced her, filled with joy at their reunion.
As the witch offered greetings of reunion, ...the witch\'s furniture followed behind her the whole time.
.........There was a chain around its neck.
This was gripped in the witch\'s hand, like it was a trained dog.
The chain wasn\'t there to restrain it.
...The only purpose of the restraining device was to injure the furniture\'s dignity...
It wasn\'t permitted to wear anything else on its body.
One of the young woman goats, mixed in with the goat nobles,
 softly removed her goat mask as the furniture passed in front of her, and spoke with eyes that had no light in them.
That face...looked like it belonged to a long‐haired young girl...
"...............How pitiful."
"Ohh, Lady {f:5:Bernkastel}.
 Welcome.
 Do you like my furniture?"
".........Good taste."
After saying only that, the witch called {f:5:Bernkastel} once again put on her goat mask,
 and was swallowed up in the shadows of the other tall goats...
"Ahahahahahahaha...
 Sore loser.
 She\'s irritated."
"You\'re right.
 *cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*!"
The young women goats giggled, and the witch once again let out a high‐pitched laugh.
"Thank you for gathering here for my sake tonight!!
 Why don\'t we enjoy to the fullest this "banquet of the witch", where old friends have gathered from past and present, east and west...!"
"Come, we will eat all night,
 drink all night,
 slurp all night,
 and chew to bits all night as we enjoy ourselves!!
 Look at the clock, it shows the time when the ending hour and the beginning hour melt together... ...Come!!
 Let us begin the banquet of the witch!!!"
When the witch proclaimed the beginning of the banquet, the large clock pointed to 24:00, and the sound of a bell began to ring out loudly...
"Come...... Now is the time!!
 Open the golden door............!!!"
All at once, the butterflies leafed in gold flew all around the inside of the room.
Amidst the golden storm and the brilliant gold‐colored light, the cross‐section joining this world and a different world......was cut open......
Amidst the goats\' delighted voices, the mansion of the human world and the mansion of those not human overlapped,
 ......and, in the form of golden butterflies, all those folk who praised the resurrection of the Golden Witch...
...poured out of the depths of hell...
It was...a golden...tornado.
...A rondo of golden demons.
Come, tonight we will put aside rank.
Throw open the wine cellar,
 drop the snake\'s head into the liquor pot,
 throw cows and chickens into the furnace alive,
 drink and eat and sing and dance,
 sneer and kill and desecrate and degrade!!
"Aaaaaahh, {f:5:Beatrice}!!
 Take me to the Golden Land now!
 To the Golden Laaaaaaaaaaaaaand!!!
 Oooooooooohhhhhhhhh, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!!"
The goat nobles were suddenly crushing in around Kinzo.
...Almost like they were kids demanding the autograph of some famous movie star.
There were two differences.
 First, they were witches, not kids.
 And second, what the witches demanded were not autographs.
Kinzo began to drown in the sea of goat nobles.
Only Kinzo\'s laughing voice echoed throughout the area.
It was a grand mixture of laughter and his death throes.
And Kinzo became wine and meat and bread.
An aroma if slurped, a rich taste if gnawed, and pleasant to tear to bits!
The voice of his death throes lingered on sweetly,
 and adorned with melted chocolate and silver dragées, it would make a wonderful dessert!
If you took the bones home, you could also use them for a soup,
 and the remains could even become toys for the children to play with,
 and they could also become good tools for fortune‐telling that always gave misfortune!
That entire scene, ......was watched by the piece of furniture.
It was all fantastical.
 ...It was all demonic.
...Was the quaking of its heart, which should have been paralyzed, ...proof that it could still feel fear?
Just then, its knees buckled, and the furniture\'s body tumbled onto the center of the carpet.
Because the witch had kicked those knees from behind.
"Kneel and show your respect.
 Rub your forehead against the carpet and show how vulgar you are.
 Join your hands behind your back and swear that you will offer all your flesh and blood to me."
"..................u............ah........."
The piece of furniture let out a painful voice.
...Fear is the most primal emotion {y:0:Human}{n:0:human}s have.
...Was that emotion reviving his sense of self, which should already have been killed?
".........Hmph.
 So, you are still far from being appropriate for my furniture."
"Good!
 I will carefully make you into the kind of furniture I like, the kind appropriate only for me.
 ...I suppose the best you can do for now is simply entertaining the guests!"
The goat nobles were surrounding the cowering furniture...
It seemed that their blazing, blood‐red eyes couldn\'t hide their ecstasy at this new young food that they had been given.
And from their mouths, from which protruded countless ugly teeth, saliva,
 ...or maybe the traces of meat and wine that they had just eaten, dribbled down...
".........e............eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!!"
As the piece of furniture let out a wild scream, it retreated, still sitting on its backside.
...But the circle of goat nobles was closing in...
And the piece of furniture looked at the witch\'s face.
 ...It stared at her face one final time, believing that because it had submitted to the witch, she would show it some mercy.
But there was nothing but scorn on the witch\'s face, and she wasn\'t even facing it anymore.
The witch went off to greet an honored guest with whom she had crossed gazes...
The goat nobles looked down upon the furniture.
They were, in fact, waiting.
Just like how one must remove the cork in order to drink champagne,
 before bringing the offering served at the banquet to their mouths, they were waiting for just one of {i:those}.
Of course, the furniture didn\'t know what that was.
...But it would come out of his mouth all by itself.
 In the same way there is always a pop when the cork is removed, it too would certainly leave his mouth.
"...G...
......yaa...
ahiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiIII!!!"
——A scream.
It was a sign that the modest banquet at which he was to be served...had begun.
"Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
gebukikyakyakaku
oooogaageoe
ooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...!!!"
Gapupogyugukigukiboryu.
By now the rose garden was a garden of roses and gold.
 A gold‐colored garden where gold butterflies, gold fairies, gold lizards rampaged and flew about wildly.
"Maria, hurry!!
 Run!!
 Hurry hurry hurry hurry!!"
Holding onto the gun and the blanket wrapping the ingot,
 Rosa ran at a speed Maria couldn\'t catch up with, sometimes pausing to call out at Maria to run faster.
Therefore, she saw it every time.
...She saw the golden pursuers chasing them from the mansion!
The mass of gold butterflies was chasing after them like a massive crawling hand!!
 And horrifyingly strange‐looking shadowy figures with goat heads were chasing after them...!!
There was no need for her to strain her eyes.
 Because those blazing pupils told her what would happen if she was captured.
"......Mama, wait,
 Mama, wait......
 ...Uu‐uu,
 ......au!!"
Maria tripped over.
Rosa, ashamed that for just an instant she had entertained thoughts of abandoning her daughter and running away, kicked back against the ground and instantly reversed direction.
As Rosa\'s own child tried to stand,
 the goat‐head that had sprinted over to get the first bite grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled her up from the back...!!
"Mamaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,
 noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!"
Rosa rammed into the goat‐head with her shoulder,
 spun,
 bashed the back of her elbow into the goat\'s jaw,
 and buried her knee into its protruding chest!!
And she thrust the barrel of the gun inside the goat‐head\'s mouth as it doubled over from the pain in its gut!
"......Just try laying one finger on Maria in front of me.
 I\'ll show you just how lukewarm the hell you came from is."
The blast from the 45‐caliber Long Colt bullet exploded inside the goat‐head\'s throat,
 and its medulla oblongata was instantly pulverized.
The goat‐head couldn\'t understand.
It had thought that women were like already opened wine bottles!
It had thought that they were wine bottles, and that turning them upside down would immediately cause their deep‐red contents to come out!
"Mama!!
 Mamaaaaaa!!"
Released, Maria flung her arms around Rosa.
But the pursuers were still coming!
 They could see the giant goat‐heads, who had given up even pretending to be {y:0:Human}{n:0:human}, running towards them from across the rose bushes.
Rosa spilled several extra bullets, which had been in the pocket of her coat, all over the place, and told Maria to pick them up.
"Y‐yes...!
 Pick up, pick up...!!"
"Maria.
 If Mama falls down,
 run.
 Go to the shore.
 And swim, and swim, and swim!
 There\'s no place on this island where we can survive!!"
"N‐no!!
 Together with Mama!!
 Uuu!!"
Rosa\'s gun roared four times.
 But even though she really did land four shots in the chest of the massive, approaching goat, it didn\'t even flinch!!
The goat ran with a violent vigor, as though it planned to crush Rosa and Maria with its massive body!!
"Put the bullets in!!
 Quickly!!"
"U‐uu!!"
Rosa grasped the blanket with the ingot in both hands,
 and she herself sprinted at the goat, dragging the ingot along behind her!!
 Without even an ounce of fear of that strange‐looking giant!!
If it\'s to protect my daughter, I\'ll overcome even hell!!
"I\'ll show you...
what a golden dream looks liiiiiiiiiiike!!!"
Rosa\'s roar.
 The goat‐head\'s roar.
The terribly heavy ingot, after picking up a terrible centrifugal force and speed, slammed into the goat‐head\'s cranium.
Rosa pulled a fountain pen from her pocket.
 But she held it crooked.
 She placed it in her palm,
 in the gap between her middle finger and her ring finger, so that it stuck out when she made a fist, almost like it was a stinger growing out.
She jabbed that stinger into the left eye of the goat‐head as its head toppled forward.
 Was the goat‐head\'s roar a scream?
But Rosa\'s roar was different.
She pulled back her fist and slammed it into the fountain pen that was still sticking into the goat‐head\'s eye.
 The pointed tip was gouged destructively into the depths of its head...!
"Mama, bullets in!!"
"Good job!!"
As I grabbed the gun Maria had thrown, I finally heard the thunderous crash of the giant tumbling to earth.
However, at the same time, I saw the goat‐head pursuers on the other side of the rose bushes increase in number.
 I\'ve gained some distance, more than enough now!
Holding onto the gun and the blanket wrapped around the ingot, I once again ran with Maria.
...Why am I running with a gun in my right hand and the gold in my left?
Why don\'t I free one hand and grasp Maria\'s hand...?!!
I can\'t let go of the gun that protects my body.
I can\'t let go of the gold that protects my future.
And yet I would let go of the hand of my daughter, who {i:is} my very future...?!
Run.
 Run. Run.
She got out of the rose garden and began to run down the staircase through the grove of trees.
But Rosa knew.
 This path through the grove was only turning and twisting many times to make it seem long.
 She tore straight through it!
She had always played here since she was a kid.
So she knew!
To the beach. To the beach.
 To the sea, to the sea, to the sea.
And after reaching the sea?
Nothing to do but swim, swim swim, if Maria can\'t swim, I\'ll carry her as I swim!!
There is nothing but death on this island!
"Kya!!!"
"Mamaaaa?!"
As she raced down the stairs, she took a bad step.
A violent pain ran up her left ankle and her mind went completely blank.
Rosa fell down several stairs, and stared in shock at her ankle, which was bent at an odd angle.
...And the blanket with the ingot wasn\'t there.
 She had let go of it the instant she fell, and it had disappeared somewhere into the darkness.
Only the gun was left.
The tremors in the earth were getting closer.
It was only a matter of time before the goat‐heads flooded in.
She didn\'t want to imagine how many there would be, or how strange they would look.
The lightly dancing gold pursuers arrived.
The gold butterflies surrounded Rosa and Maria, sparkling and clamoring as though saying "the prize is here, the prize is here".
Rosa couldn\'t even try to get up.
The violent pain from her broken ankle was so great that she couldn\'t ignore it, even in her last moments.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah, what am I doing...
I had the gold, it would have been worth several million yen.
I might have been able to start over with that!!
 And yet I fell, lost it, and that\'s not all, my own life is in danger, even Maria\'s life is in danger?!
......What has my life been?!!!
I was born in an incomprehensible house!
With an irritating older brother and sister since the day I was born!!
What did I do?!
No matter what I did or didn\'t do, I was always in trouble and bullied and made fun of!!
 What has my life been?!?!
"Mama..., Mama, Mama...!!"
"........................"
The roar inside Rosa\'s heart shriveled away and disappeared.
...It disappeared when she listened to Maria\'s crying voice, as her daughter sobbed and clung onto her.
".........Maria.
 Mama remembered that there\'s something she has to do.
 Please go on ahead."
"No, no no no no!!
 Want to be with Mama!!
 Don\'t want Mama to die!!"
"Maria,
 ...even though I\'m such a bad mama,
 ......you still say you want to be with me?"
"Yes...!
 ......Want to be with Mama...
 Want to be with Mama...!"
"...I made it look like I was putting you first,
 ...but I was always putting you off.
 I went to your sports day,
 I went to parent\'s day,
 ...but I was always thinking about how I appeared to the world, and you were never in my eyes."
"......Are you saying...that you want to be together, even with that kind of mama......?
 Even though...
...I\'ve been such a bad mama............!!"
"Hey, Mama.
 ...Did you know?
 There\'s only one Mama in the world.
 There\'s no good Mama or bad Mama.
 ...There\'s just one Mama.
 So all I want is for Mama, the only Mama in the world, to be here.
 And I want to become the only Maria for Mama."
".........The Maria who\'s in a good mood that you want to spoil, and the Maria who\'s a nuisance and you don\'t want to be around, aren\'t different people.
 I\'m also just one Maria.
 ......So the scary Mama and the nice Mama are just like that.
 ......To me,
 ...there is just one...
...Mama......"
"...............I was...
......such...
.........an idiot...
 .........I didn\'t need gold.
 If only I had just pulled your hand...
 ......I was such a...
...stupid mama...!!"
The shadows of the goats covered the sky even more than the trees of the forest.
Their roars blotted out the world with fear.
Rosa, still hugging Maria, readied her gun with one hand.
"Maria, let\'s go together.
 Always together.
 ...So that Mama doesn\'t lose her way, always together...!"
"Yes...!!
 Can see each other soon.
 Always together...!!
 ...Can see each other...in the Golden Land...!!"
"And then we\'ll play together!
 Play with the "Wolves and Sheep Puzzle"!!
 You still haven\'t solved more than one question, Mama, but I solved them all.
 So I\'ll be the questioner!!"
She had bought that as a birthday present, ......and then hadn\'t played it with Maria after that night.
"Yes, let\'s play, together!!!
 I promise!!!"
"Mamaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"
Those eyes, sparkling like red‐hot lava, looked just like a group of fireflies.
They danced, closed in, and attacked.
"Oooooooooooooohh, come ooooooon!!
 Whoever wants to eat these bullets Maria chambered for me, step forwaaaaaaard,
 uwooooooooooooooooooooooooooooohhh!!!"
