They had eaten breakfast at a coffee shop in the station building.
...By chance, the inside of the shop had been decorated with Halloween colors, since it was October.
It seemed that Maria had really taken a liking to that.
Ever since, she had been making a fuss inside the train about wanting to have a Halloween festival, without caring that she was attracting the attention of others.
Halloween is popular in Europe and America, but people are hardly familiar with it at all in Japan.
The shopping district was colorfully decorated with orange pumpkins,
 but the costume parades of children demanding sweets and saying "trick or treat" were nowhere in sight.
"Uu!
 I want a Halloween festivaaal!
 I don\'t want to wear these clothes, I want to look like a wiiiitch!
 Uu‐uu!"
"The family conference isn\'t for playing.
 We\'re going to meet Grandfather, so you have to dress up nice."
While it wasn\'t completely full inside the train, there were enough people here that almost all of the seats were occupied.
Among them, Maria was making a fuss, kicking her feet back and forth in her seat, while Rosa scowled at her.
Rosa had told her many times in a low voice to stop, but Maria was taking no notice whatsoever.
...Once Maria gets this way, no matter how much you try to explain the situation or calm her, she doesn\'t listen.
In the past, Rosa used to pamper Maria and give in to her at times like this.
But, that had probably been the problem.
Almost certainly, the young Maria had formed the wrong impression that if she kept complaining noisily, her mother would give in, and listen to her.
That error had been brought to Rosa\'s attention through an educational book, and since then, she had hardened her heart so as not to pamper her beloved daughter...
But Rosa could manage less and less mutual understanding with Maria, and it had become more and more common that she felt discouraged by her own powerlessness...
"Halloween, Halloween!!
 Trick or treat, uu‐uu‐uu!!"
"I\'m not giving you any sweets!
 You just ate breakfast!"
"Trick or treat!
 Trick or treat!
 Uu‐uu‐uu!!"
As Maria kicked her feet, a stout old woman sitting in the seat across from Maria picked a candy out of her handbag and gave it to her.
"Uu! Got a treat, got a treat!
 Look, look, Mama,
 Mama!
 Happy Hallowee~n!"
"Maria! You can\'t just accept sweets from strangers, remember?!
 Return it!!"
"It\'s alright, hoh‐hoh‐ho.
 She\'s a lovely young lady.
 How old is she?"
There may not have been any malice in those words from the old woman.
...But it seemed that Rosa had taken that in an extremely humiliating way.
"Maria! I\'m always telling you not to accept sweets from strangers!!"
"Uu!
 Uu!!
 This one\'s mine!!
 Uu‐
uu!!
 No, it\'s mine!!"
"Let go of it!
 Don\'t I always tell you to listen to what Mama says?!!"
"It\'s miiine!!
 Miiiine!!
 Uu!!
 Uuu‐uuu!!"
"I told you, stop making that childish whining noise!!"
"Uu‐uu‐uu‐uu‐uu‐uu‐uu‐uu!!!"
Rosa reflexively hit Maria violently on her cheek.
...In a flash, Maria started crying loudly.
Rosa immediately snatched the candy from Maria\'s hand and stuck it out towards the dumbfounded old woman sitting next to them.
"...Please, do not just give sweets to my daughter!"
"...............I\'m, ...I\'m very sorry."
Breathing heavily, Rosa once again held the candy out to the old woman.
...The woman looked confused for a moment about what she should say,
 but then understood that perhaps her actions may have caused trouble for this parent and child, and she accepted the candy back, apologizing...
Then, Rosa finally took notice of her surroundings...
Her daughter\'s clothes were all messed up, she was crying and shouting with her nose dripping,
 and there were many dumbfounded passengers watching them.
...Except for the sound of the train running, the railcar was completely silent.
Fortunately, that pitiful silence didn\'t last more than a short while.
...However, in its place came an even more painful atmosphere as everyone whispered.
Maria shouted, cried, kicked and stomped her feet as usual, paying no heed to the people sitting around her.
...Impulsively, Rosa tried to slap her again,
 but she noticed the cold eyes of the people in the train, and couldn\'t do that anymore.
When the train stopped, Rosa got off, forcibly pulling Maria by the arm, and almost dragging her along the ground.
As usual, Maria didn\'t stop crying.
Rosa took her to the end of the platform and hit her cheek again.
At the moment she was hit, Maria stopped crying for an instant, but before long, she shouted and cried even more than before.
Rosa, whose emotions had exploded, grabbed Maria by her collar, and pulled her hair as if to rip it out.
"Uu!!
 Uu‐uu‐uu!!
 Uu!!
 Mama, it hurts, Mama, it hurts!!
 Uu‐uu‐uu!!"
"Can\'t you hear me, I\'m telling you to shut up!!
 That "uu‐uu" of yours!
 I\'m telling you to STOP it!!"
"That\'s the reason you can\'t make friends in class, don\'t you get it?!
 Get ahold of yourself!!
 Why are you always a kindergartner inside your head?!!
 Why can\'t you do what Mama says?!!
 Why!!
 WHY!!!"
Along with those severe words, Rosa hit Maria\'s head over and over again.
The more Maria cried and shouted, the more Rosa hit her.
And the more Maria was hit, the more intensely she cried and shouted...
"Mama, it hurts...!
 Mama, it hurts...!
 Mama, save me, Mama, save me...!
 Uu‐uu‐uu‐uu!!"
"WHY can\'t you just STOP that whining?!!
 It\'s because you\'re like this that you can\'t make friends!!
 It\'s because you\'re like this that Papa never comes back from his business trip!!
 It\'s because you\'re like this that I...!!"
"E‐...excuse me, ...madam, is something the matter...?"
"Is there something...that you want...?!"
The one who timidly called to her was the station attendant.
Rosa glared at him with a look that said "don\'t cut into the problems of a mother and child, stranger".
The station attendant surely hadn\'t wanted to talk to her.
However, Rosa had been yelling on the platform for a much longer time than she had imagined.
...Her emotional scolding had caused the passengers on the platform to advise the station attendant that it would be a good idea to speak to her.
Rosa yelled at the station attendant that they would get on the next train and not to bother them anymore.
...And then, finally, or maybe we should say, for the second time, ...she noticed the passengers on the platform staring at her from the distance.
......Rosa sweated slightly; she felt the wind chill the sweat, tormenting her.
Maria was still crying, shielding her own head.
......No—unless this beating stopped, she would probably keep crying forever.
"........................
......I\'ve...
............done it again......"
As Rosa recovered from the evil heat inside her head,
 ...she knew she had surrendered her soul to something bad again.
"Mama, Mama!
 Mama, come back...!
 Uu!
 Uu‐uu‐uu‐uu!!"
Rosa fell to her knees and hugged Maria, whose face was all soggy with tears and mucus.
"......Maria... I\'m sorry... I\'m sorry..."
"Mama, ......Mama...
 Welcome back, welcome back......"
Finally, ...Maria realized that her mother had turned back to being her mother.
Then, she clung to her mother\'s body and cried, burying her face in her mother\'s chest.
"...Forgive your bad mama...
 Forgive your bad mama...
 ......I\'m so...sorry...!
 Please don\'t hate your mama......."
"Uu...
 I\'m perfectly fine...
 Won\'t hate Mama.
 ......Mama was just being possessed by an evil witch again.
 ...But Mama came back, so it\'s okay."
"Yeah... ......Yeah...
 ......Mama was...being possessed by an evil witch again...
 ...I\'m sorry, ......I\'m really sorry......."
For a long time, the two of them hugged each other, asking for forgiveness and sending words of forgiveness back.
After a while, the two of them gradually calmed down and naturally drew their faces apart.
Maria\'s face, Rosa\'s face—both were deep red after crying their eyes out.
"...Do you want to have a Halloween festival, Maria?"
"Yeah.
 ...I wanted to show the pumpkin marshmallow to George onii‐chan and Jessica onee‐chan......"
That was a sweet which had been alongside the cash register at the shop where they had eaten breakfast.
......It was a fancy sweet that had a big orange marshmallow in the shape of a jack‐o\'‐lantern stuck on the end of a stick.
Maria had wanted that and had insistently pestered for it.
...Rosa had disallowed it, saying that there was no way she would buy such a sweet right after they\'d had breakfast.
"......Okay, then, Maria.
 ......I don\'t know if they sell those in this town or not, but let\'s get off and try searching for one, okay?"
"u, ......yeah!
 Love you Mama, love you so much...
 Thank you..."
"I love you too, Maria......."
The truth was that they had no time to waste loitering around at a stopover station.
If they missed the airplane, they would fall half a day behind schedule.
She should have left home with more time to spare, but she had ended up leaving late after spending too long choosing Maria\'s clothes.
...Because of that, Rosa had been a bit impatient since the morning.
She looked at the clock.
 ...They should be getting on the next train immediately.
But her daughter had firmly joined hands with her to go buy the sweet together, and that hand was warm.
...To Rosa right now, it was more important to regrow her bonds with Maria.
...Maria was not only Rosa\'s beloved daughter, ...she was everything Rosa had.
Fortunately, she could see that there was a big supermarket right in front of the station.
...Maybe she wouldn\'t be able to find a sweet exactly like that one, but Maria would probably accept something similar.
Besides, Rosa also couldn\'t show up with a face swelled from crying.
She would have to fix her makeup.
"We might not find a marshmallow exactly like that one, ...but I hope we can find a sweet that\'s similar.
 ......And let\'s surprise all your cousins with it."
"Yeah.
 ...If it\'s a sweet I bought together with Mama, anything is fine."
The two left the turnstiles of the station in this unknown town.
Maria walked across the pedestrian crossing together with her mother, feeling very pleased, as though she was walking in an amusement park.
Both faces were still deep red,
 ......but warmth could be seen between the two of them, mother and child, as they smiled at each other awkwardly...
".........Dear.
 What are you doing in a place like this?"
"Oh, it\'s you.
 .........It\'s nothing.
 It\'s just that this was a pleasant place to think."
"...I have finished all the preparations for today.
 For now, shall we relax and wait while drinking some tea?"
".........Sorry.
 I\'m always pushing all my problems on you."
"...Please.
 Can\'t you rely on me more?
 ...I am your wife."
"......Naturally, I\'m grateful for you always coming to my aid.
 ......For that very reason, I am able to devote myself to my work."
"I understand that.
 ......About your work.
 ......And the topic of Father\'s inheritance, right?"
"............That has nothing to do with you.
 It\'s nothing more than my greedy siblings scavenging for rotten meat."
"......It\'s alright, dear.
 ...Everything will work out.
 Your work has never once turned out badly."
"....................."
Natsuhi softly cuddled close to Krauss\'s shoulder.
She spoke words to reward Krauss for the difficulties of his work, ...but Natsuhi was herself the one who knew best that it wasn\'t going well.
...Krauss\'s enterprises were something like a seesaw where large amounts of money swung.
A big investment leads to a large return,
 but the swaying of a large‐scale seesaw is large yet sluggish, and not something which shows immediate results.
At times, he would make more investments so that the seesaw inclined faster towards the good side.
......Naturally, he did that because he had the confidence that, in a not‐so‐distant future, he would be able to recover all the investments made.
......However, the seesaws Krauss chose never turned out as he would have liked them to.
...His foresight wasn\'t wrong, ......but times were slow.
They never caught up with him.
For example, think of a literal seesaw, placed in a park.
Due to its great popularity, there was always someone playing on it, so if he wanted to play, he would have to wait a long time for his turn.
...And then, one day, he found that seesaw vacant, straddled it realizing he was the first to arrive, and had it all to himself.
However, ...nobody got on the opposite side of the seesaw, so he couldn\'t play on it.
And no matter how much time passed, nobody came to the opposite side of the seesaw.
The seesaw is a popular piece of playground equipment, so if you waited, another person would definitely show up.
......Krauss noticed.
The weather looked like it was getting worse.
That\'s why nobody was coming outside to play.
But the seesaw is a popular piece of playground equipment, so someone would definitely come.
...If he vacated his place because the weather seemed to be getting worse, someone would definitely snatch his place away,
 and he would end up only longingly gazing from a distance, at someone else having fun playing on the seesaw again...
On one side of the seesaw, he continued to wait patiently, all alone...
That was Krauss\'s current enterprise, and situation.
"............If only I\'d had a bit more courage, ...and the self‐confidence to believe in my own foresight...
I\'d never once......have failed."
"...Yes, that\'s true.
 Your foresight is never wrong.
 ......You are the only one who inherited Father\'s gift.
 You inherited an innate disposition that none of the other siblings did."
"......Yet, I was unable to believe in it!
 I always closed my own projects like a coward.
 ......Why can\'t I trust myself?!
 Who would trust a man who can\'t trust himself?
 Nobody!!"
"......I\'m always sitting myself down in the seats where the losers must sit;
 ......my father, my mother,
 ...and my siblings, all of them sneer at me...
 How long before I am set free of this complex......
 How long........."
...Only Natsuhi knew.
She knew of Krauss\'s anguish.
 As the eldest son of the Ushiromiya family, who would have to shoulder a big responsibility, he couldn\'t open his pained heart to anyone, and would always be compared to his father\'s great enterprises...
".........I have finished all the preparations, so you can devote yourself to the family conference.
 ...All of them."
"............Sorry.
 ......Will there be any problems...
...with Father?"
"No.
 ......Genji and Doctor Nanjo are on our side.
 ...I\'ll never allow those greedy siblings to meet Father."
"Hello, Gohda here.
 ......Yes, please leave it to me!
 I\'m anxious to put my skills to work for the big annual job."
Ingredients of varied colors had been gathered in the kitchen, and the preliminary arrangements had already been started.
Even though it was still morning, the ingredients for dinner were already in saucepans and steaming.
Normally, he had to deal with several assorted matters other than cooking, but on the day of the family conference, he could devote himself to it entirely.
To Gohda, who was originally a chef, this was surely the greatest gala occasion of the whole year.
"Yes, dinner will be an excellent calf steak...!
 A wonderful cut of meat is already in the refrigerator anxiously waiting for tonight.
 Please, let the other servants know to look forward to tonight—I will not disappoint them either."
It was rare for Gohda to be in this good of a mood towards his fellow servants.
To Gohda, who boasted about being a chef who worked exclusively for the Ushiromiya family, being given the right to show off his cooking at the family conference was the greatest honor.
"......OK.
 I\'m leaving it in your hands.
 ...Also, is Kumasawa there?"
"Kumasawa‐san?
 I happened to see her earlier, but she is not here.
 I wonder if she went to make preparations at the guesthouse."
"......So she\'s loafing around again.
 ......No, that\'s fine.
 Alright then, I\'m counting on you."
"Yes, leave everything to me...!"
Genji placed the telephone back on the receiver, sighing lightly.
Thinking of Kumasawa, who was no doubt hiding and slacking off even though things were this busy,
 and the ostentatious Gohda, who only felt like doing anything on a day when he could show off, Genji sighed once again.
"Excuse me.
 All the rooms in the guesthouse have been prepared."
"......We received instructions from Milady to make preparations for four people so that the children can stay there—what shall we do?"
"...I hear Battler‐sama is coming this year for the first time in six years.
 I guess Milady wants to stay up late with the other three cousins.
 ......Get them ready.
 No need to tell Madam."
"I see.
 Certainly."
"......So tonight, we\'ll have the late‐night shift, followed immediately by the morning shift tomorrow.
 It looks like these two days will be tiresome."
"Speaking of that, the weather forecast is saying a typhoon will strike right over here...
 Will that be alright?"
"...Unless the typhoon diverts greatly, it may affect the family\'s boat trip back, depending on circumstances.
 The family conference schedule may drag on until about Monday or Tuesday.
 ......It will probably be a long haul, but I ask you both to be careful not to make any blunders."
"............Shannon, relax and don\'t panic.
 Kanon, be sure to greet them with courtesy."
"......Y‐yes.
 I\'ll be careful."
"...I\'ll be careful."
"Today we will be entertaining a very important guest.
 ...Make extra sure that everything goes smoothly."
"......I understand fully.
 ...Any guest who visits here is important."
"Kanon.
 ......We welcome, today,
 an important guest in the truest sense.
 Make sure you\'re prepared."
"......Yes."
".........Shannon, what\'s wrong?
 ...You\'ve been looking restless... Did you promise to be somewhere?"
"Huh?
 N‐no, it\'s nothing.
 My apologies..."
"Nee‐san.
 An important guest will be arriving today.
 ...Detach yourself from your private life."
"I don\'t, ...I don\'t know what you mean by private life..."
As Shannon blushed just a bit, she turned her gaze away from the clock.
......Was it about time for the airplane carrying the family to arrive at Niijima?
...She had thought she had been hiding the fact that her long‐awaited reunion with George was making her heart palpitate, but Kanon, who stood at her side, understood her perfectly.
".........Shannon, please accept this from me without a word...!"
...Inside a bathroom stall, George was practicing something over and over, taking out a small velvet box hidden in his pocket like a quick‐draw desert gunman.
"That\'s not it...
 Shannon likes a man with traction.
 It, it must have a more powerful feel to it...!"
"Shannon, put this on your ring finger.
 ...Tha‐that\'s an order, okay...?"
"Aah, if I don\'t say properly that it\'s on the left hand, maybe she\'ll put it on the right hand!
 N‐no, Shannon isn\'t that ignorant,
 aaah, but, if there\'s no free will, that\'d be a little, I mean,
 uuuuuu, nnnnuuuuuuu, muuuuuuuaaaaaaaaahhhh...!!"
As he crossed his arms, moaning and groaning, someone knocked on the door.
George was startled back to reality.
"Hey, George‐kun.
 You alright?
 Got a stomachache or something?"
"Ah, ahahahaha, Uncle Rudolf...!
 It\'s alright, I\'m fine!
 No need to worry, ahahahahahaha...!"
"You sure...?
 OK then.
 Don\'t strain too much.
 Your ass\'ll burst."
Rudolf washed his hands, laughing cheerfully, and left.
...George knew that the most embarrassing part hadn\'t been overheard, and he patted his chest in relief...
"Kyrie, isn\'t Rosa here yet?"
"Not yet.
 She\'s pretty late."
"It\'s a good thing the weather\'s delaying our flight.
 If the schedule had been like normal, she\'d\'ve missed the plane by now.
 What would she have done then?"
"...Rosa‐san is an adult now.
 She\'d manage it somehow.
 No matter how old they get, older brothers always treat their younger sisters like children."
"Dad\'s always a kid, no matter how old he gets."
"What\'d you say? If I\'m a kid, that\'d make you a baby.
 Come on, Battler‐chan, up ya go~!"
"Stop it, that tickles, wahahaha, stooop!"
"You two look more like a couple of naughty kids than a father and son.
 ...Look, she\'s here."
"Ohoooooooooh!!!
 If it isn\'t Rosa‐san!
 Maria‐chan, long time no see!!"
"Long time no seee!
 Uu!"
"Maria!
 Shouldn\'t that be "It\'s good to see you again"?
 Greet your uncle properly."
"Uu.
 It\'s...good to see you again..."
"There you go!
 Well said!
 How about some candy as a reward?!
 ......Oh, huh?
 Where\'d I put \'em..."
"Rosa‐san, it\'s good to see you again.
 It\'s good to see you too, Maria‐chan."
"It\'s been too long, Kyrie nee‐san, Hideyoshi nii‐san.
 ...And......oh my, Battler‐kun?!
 Look how big you\'ve gotten...!"
"Ah, come on, hahaha...
 It\'s embarrassing hearing that from every person I meet...!"
"Hey, Rosa.
 You\'re late.
 If the plane was on time, you\'d barely have made it..."
"I\'m sorry.
 We had some trouble making our train connection.
 So we\'re waiting on the weather yet again?"
"Oh, don\'t complain.
 I much prefer the thirty‐minute plane trip to spending six hours bouncing about on a boat.
 Even if we\'re kept waiting here for an hour, it\'s still much faster overall."
"Is that Maria...?
 She sure has gotten big...
 She\'s at that growing age..."
"You last met her...six years ago?
 Of course she\'d change.
 Women are creatures who can be born anew in a single day, and all it takes is a change of heart."
"......Uu?"
Maria noticed a big man who she didn\'t remember mixed among the relatives, and hid behind Rosa\'s back, glaring at Battler.
"Hey, Battler, say hi.
 The last time you met her, she was just three years old, so this might as well be the first time."
"Yeah, I guess she wouldn\'t remember if she was three!
 Hey Maria, long time no see.
 You sure have gotten big!"
"Maria.
 This is Battler onii‐chan.
 Uncle Rudolf\'s son.
 ...Understand?"
"............Uncle\'s son is...
 Uncle\'s the son...
 ............??
 ......Uuuu!!"
She was obviously on her guard.
She must have found it frightening for a large guy like Battler to suddenly start speaking frankly to her.
Battler noticed that as well, and thought of various ways he might approach her.
Then, he noticed the sweet she had in her hand.
It was the jack‐o\'‐lantern sweet that Rosa had bought for her.
"Oh, right, it\'s October, so that must be for Halloween.
 Ihihihi, trick or treee~at!"
If you try to take a treat away from a small child, normally, you\'d expect them to cry and start a fuss.
The adults thought that method wasn\'t good, but surprisingly, Maria looked pleased, her face splitting into a wide grin.
"Halloween, Halloween!!
 See, Mama, Battler knows about Halloween too, see, see!!"
"Hey, call him Battler onii‐chan!
 Sorry, Battler‐kun."
"No, no, I don\'t care.
 Call me Battler.
 And I\'ll call you Maria, too.
 Come on, Maria, it\'s Halloween!
 Trick or treeee~at!!"
"Trick or treeee~at!!
 Kyahahaha, *giggle*giggle*!!"
From inside her handbag, Maria picked out a jack‐o\'‐lantern sweet identical to the one she had in her hand, and presented it to Battler.
It seemed that Battler accepting it was enough to confirm their friendship.
The adults felt admiration at how children have their own ways of communicating.
To Maria, who had been complaining that she wanted to have a Halloween festival,
 it must have felt like Battler was a friend, since he knew about trick or treat.
Her defensive posture from before was completely gone.
Now, she was all merry, as though they had been friends for decades.
"Yeah, Halloween\'s a minor event in Japan, isn\'t it...
 You often see people parading around in costume on the news over there, but I\'ve never seen it in Japan."
"I wanted to wear a costume too.
 Wanted to do trick or treat with all the cousins wearing costumes..."
"Yeah, I bet you did. Let\'s us two do it together sometime!
 What would you want to go around as?"
"A witch!!
 BEATRICE!"
"Oh, Milady, what are you doing in such a place?
 Madam was looking for you."
"I\'m here \'cause I don\'t want to be found.
 ...I bet she only wants to nag at me anyway, all that crap like "is your appearance alright?" and "mind how you speak"."
"Hoh‐hoh‐ho...
 Without a doubt."
"......You know.
 When the day of the family conference comes, for some reason, I start getting weird feelings about this witch."
"Hoh...
 Whyever do you say that...?"
"The family conference is the day when everyone related to Grandfather gathers.
 ......Like, I hear Battler\'s coming for the first time in six years, this year.
 ...Same kind of thing.
 I always wonder whether some "relative" who hasn\'t shown themselves for several decades might suddenly turn up."
"............Hohoh.
 Could a relative like that exist...?"
"I\'m talking about that BEATRICE‐sama.
 ......Nobody knows her background.
 Could she be Grandfather\'s mistress from long ago?
 ......Maybe one of her descendants will suddenly show up and tell us to give back the gold we were granted or something, you know?"
"Hoh‐hoh‐hoh‐ho...
 Krauss‐sama and the others will probably have a discussion about the problem of the Master\'s inheritance this year too.
 ...With such excitement abound over talk of the witch\'s gold, I don\'t suppose it would be strange at all if the witch herself who granted that gold finally made her appearance."
"Kumasawa‐san, you know,
 ...sure, you\'re always quitting one moment and working the next, but you\'ve been here as long as Genji‐san, right?
 ......You know more, about BEATRICE, don\'t you?"
"......Well, I wonder.
 Hoh‐hoh‐ho...
 Even if I try to remember, this old woman here can\'t even recall what she had for breakfast this morning..."
"Kumasawa‐san, you\'re always escaping with those excuses, but you know something, right?
 Sometimes I feel a kinda devious atmosphere about you, like you know something and you\'re laughing behind our backs..."
"Hoh‐hoh‐ho... How harsh.
 ...I don\'t have any secrets.
 ......The only thing I can say...
is that BEATRICE‐sama is the Golden Witch, and that she is the other master who controls the night of this island."
"That\'s second‐hand talk from Grandfather.
 Even though you get paid, it must be a pain to go along with Grandfather\'s tales."
"......But, I can say this much."
"...What?"
"......In ancient times, Rokkenjima was feared, and called "Azukijima".
 The story told among the fishermen is that "Azuki" was a mispronounced form of "Akujiki", and in fact it was called "Akujikijima"."
"I\'ve heard this before.
 It\'s that story about how, \'cause of all the sunken rocks and shipwrecks around here, the fishermen got afraid and stayed away as much as they could, right?"
"......Evil spirits had settled down in Akujikijima, devouring human souls from time immemorial.
 ...There were all too many people who got involved with this island and were dispossessed of their lives."
"And it all settled down when a traveling mountain ascetic or someone built that shrine and laid those souls to rest, right?
 ...What a shady story."
"They say that shrine was destroyed by an eerie violet thunderbolt this summer, which tore through the darkness of the night..."
"Kumasawa‐san, you really like those stories, don\'t you?
 Sure, it\'d be pretty creepy if a thunderbolt wiped out the shrine keeping the dead at peace.
 But, well, it was all worn out from the start.
 I bet it just got carried away by some large wave.
 Hahahahaha."
"The evil spirits of Akujikijima woke up from their sleep, and summoned BEATRICE‐sama.
 .........So if BEATRICE‐sama ever happened to come for the family conference, then..."
"Then...?"
Kumasawa kept silent for a moment there.
...Jessica, who wanted her to keep going, found that silence very eerie.
Once Kumasawa was satisfied that she had spooked Jessica just the right amount, she grinned broadly.
"Well now, I wonder what would happen.
 Hoh‐hoh‐hoh‐hoh‐ho..."
"Whoa, that sounds wonderful."
"It does, doesn\'t it?
 Isn\'t it useful for your work to enrich your heart and have an elegant time every once in a while...?"
"I think so.
 The heart and the wallet must be rich.
 Got it, I\'ll keep that day open.
 Please, make the reservations."
"Will do.
 No backing out!"
"Yeah, let\'s make it happen.
 I love you, Kyrie."
After kissing the receiver, Rudolf hung up.
...In front of his seat, there were many executives with their sleeves rolled up, eagerly awaiting the end of that phone call.
"Sorry about the wait.
 Have we had contact from America?"
"Yes.
 It\'s from our lawyer Dale Watanabe on the external line.
 I\'ll transfer it."
"......Overall, how do you feel about the situation?"
"Well, I\'m afraid......it seems it is not all that favorable.
 It seems they have no plans of withdrawing from the trial."
"......Looks like we can\'t fool \'em after all.
 Tahaha...
 Please, transfer it here."
"Very well.
 Right away."
The executive ordered the secretarial office to connect him to the external line.
Immediately, the telephone in front of Rudolf started ringing.
"Hello.
 <Hello, hello>!
 Apologies for the wait, Ushiromiya speaking.
 Good day, good day.
 How is it going over there?"
"<Hello, President Ushiromiya>.
 Let\'s skip the greetings and get right down to business.
 I have good news and bad news; which one shall we start with?"
"...The bad news can go first.
 I can\'t fight if there\'s no dessert."
"Very well.
 The bad news is that they have started preparing to prosecute us.
 Just a few days ago, a verdict was handed down in a similar trial, overwhelmingly in favor of the plaintiff.
 The defendants were also making roughly the same arguments as us, but they were rejected in everything."
"I\'m afraid to say it, but if we face the courtroom as we are now, the probability that our argument will be rejected in its entirety is extremely high."
"...So that other trial was a disaster.
 ......And I was thinking their conditions were more favorable than ours.
 That\'s tough.
 Then, what about the good news?"
"I managed to get in contact with their executives.
 I explained our situation to them,
 explained that we have no intention of tarnishing their brand image, and I managed to get their understanding."
"They will offer us conditions in a few days, and if these are carried out, they promised to withdraw from the prosecution.
 This comes straight from the number‐two man on their board of directors."
"Your impression?"
"Honestly, I expect the conditions will be extremely severe.
 I would assume that changing the company name and the brand name will be inevitable.
 Where we do have margin in the negotiations is the amount of settlement money, the appearance of a public apology in a major newspaper, and the amount of time needed to carry out those things."
"Why don\'t they just come straight out with it and tell us to go bankrupt."
"They changed to their second president only a couple of years ago, and the new president doesn\'t have a firm foothold on the position yet.
 If we resist until the bitter end, they fear that the forces who want to go against the current president wouldn\'t hesitate to do some work in favor of the enemy."
"Hence, it seems the big shots over there want to settle this matter as fast as possible too.
 Therefore, for the sake of a quick settlement, we may still have enough leeway to pull for some mitigation of the conditions."
"At any rate, an absurd amount of money will be necessary, I guess."
"You need to be prepared for that.
 And even so, I believe it will be much cheaper than disciplinary compensation."
"Thank you very much.
 If there\'s any more progress, please contact me.
 You bill highly, so I can\'t even chat around idly with you.
 Hahahaha.
 <Thank you, thank you, goodbye>."
Rudolf hung up the phone.
It seemed that the executives sitting in the reception seats could guess what had been said.
"......You get all that, you reprobates?
 Well, to sum up.
 If we can just pay them off, they\'re gonna let it slide.
 All we have to do now is turn our focus onto how much."
"But, President.
 The sum that Mr. Watanabe estimated for the settlement is too much.
 We don\'t have that much of a margin...!"
"If we\'d have known this was going to happen, we never should have started diversifying..."
"The calculations were that we could escape the capital crisis if we were able to endure for three years.
 ...To be stabbed at this juncture is just...incredibly unfortunate...!"
"I guess we tripped and fell at the "step" of the "hop, step, jump".
 I could cry."
"We have no choice but to draw the money from the main bank."
"Banks are no good.
 They only bet their money on winning horses.
 ...The situation is getting better, but we can\'t show weakness to the banks."
"......President.
 Do you have any funds which are unaccounted for?
 Funds that we aren\'t aware of?"
"Stop that.
 Do I look like that kind of man?
 The contents of my wallet are all exposed to you guys, alright?
 The account books over there show all that our company has."
"In that case, ......we need to raise money.
 We need a sponsor, who can draw in several million dollars for us, as soon as possible."
"......President!
 Couldn\'t something be worked out with one of your associates...?!"
"President!
 President...!"
"...Aaaah, calm down, you bastards.
 ......I\'ll find a way to raise the money.
 You guys just maintain the business and try not to fall to pieces.
 They\'re saying they\'ll forgive us so long as we hand over the money."
"We already have thick pipelines in Asia.
 This\'ll probably have consequences all over the place, but we can still maintain our deals.
 The point is, this is a problem that can be entirely resolved just by handing over money."
"Just watch, I\'ll settle everything.
 I won\'t let you out in the cold.
 Start feeling like you\'re in good hands!
 When this is all over, I\'ll be rewarding all of you guys with a champagne tower.
 I promise.
 So, just shut up and follow me.
 Alright?!!"
The airplane suddenly shook.
 Probably because of turbulence.
That shaking roused Rudolf from his sleep.
He had woken up early that morning, and had ended up drifting off to sleep while resting in his seat.
"...Are you alright?
 You\'re still very drowsy, aren\'t you?
 You\'ve been so busy with work lately."
"It\'s a damned good thing I am busy with work.
 If I suddenly find myself with nothing to do, we\'ll all be out in the cold starting the next day."
"You\'re right.
 Battler‐kun\'s come back now, so I\'m afraid we can\'t just go around begging if things get rough."
"......Yeah.
 We\'ve finally got our whole family back after six years.
 ...The man of the house is gonna have to give his best so we can all spend some family time together..."
When he looked outside the window, he saw that the airplane was already starting to drop in altitude considerably.
The fishing boats, which had only looked like black grains until a short while ago, had become clearly visible.
".........If I could prostrate myself before Dad and borrow ten mil in exchange for a punch to the head, I\'d take at least a dozen, but...
 Failing that, he\'d better hurry and give up the ghost."
" .........I\'ve mooched off him so much over the years, and now I\'m going for the inheritance.
 ............I\'m going to hell.
 ...It won\'t surprise me a bit if he doesn\'t want to see me......"
"......Could it be that you don\'t plan on appearing at the family conference this year either?"
Nanjo looked at Kinzo\'s face, sighing.
...Kinzo\'s eyes remained rooted to those strange magic books.
"I have no intention of joining those vultures in their discussion.
 They can discuss how they will suck my bones as they wish.
 ......They are not worth a moment of my time."
".....................
 ...My, my.
 How troublesome..."
Nanjo shook his head slightly.
...To him, children and grandchildren were to be adored.
And he believed that their growth was the only enjoyment for old men.
He found Kinzo\'s words to be a very sad thing.
"If the time comes when I must leave this room, I will show myself then.
 ......Just as that one does not show itself."
Kinzo raised his face, and in the direction of his gaze was the portrait of the witch, respectfully displayed on the wall...
".................."
Inside Kinzo\'s head, there was no conception of today being the day of the family conference, the day when all his dear family would gather together.
......There was only the face of the witch in the oil painting, who never smiled outside her portrait...
Everybody knew that when Kinzo talked about BEATRICE, unnecessarily cutting in would instigate his wrath...
"Today, I will...perform a certain ritual."
"Hoh.
 ...And what would that be?"
"......It would be more accurate to call it a gamble.
 ...After all, no miracles dwell in magic without risk."
Nanjo had already heard this countless times.
You could call it Kinzo\'s favorite phrase.
......It seemed that Kinzo believed in magic and miracles arising through betting his own fate with a certain kind of risky probability and beating the odds...
"Kinzo‐san, you may once have been called the Golden Gambler,
 but I cannot imagine what kind of gamble you will take on with that aged body, when you could go to the other world at any time...
 I guess this will be worth seeing..."
"Hmph...
 ......I see.
 So, if it were up to you, unversed in magic, even this secret ritual I have thoroughly researched would be branded as a gamble.
 So be it."
"...............If it is I, a believer in miracles, who wins...
you will be able to understand clearly that all my research, which probably only appears as vagary in your eyes, did bear fruit on this day.
 If you win,
 ......it will all end as, just as you observed, nothing more than the vagary of an old man who could go to the other world at any time."
"Hoh...
 I wonder what on Earth is this gamble you will start...
 As your friend, I only pray that you come out from that bet—no, was it a ritual?
 ...I only pray, from the bottom of my heart, that you can come out from that ritual victorious."
"Mmhm... ...I thank you."
"......Speaking of that, Kinzo‐san.
 I hear that a long‐awaited guest will be present at the family conference this year?"
"What......?"
Kinzo reacted in a unusual way to Nanjo\'s words and turned around.
"You know, Battler‐kun from Rudolf‐san\'s family.
 I hear he will be coming for the first time in six years.
 I\'m sure he has become a splendid boy."
"............Oh, Battler.
 ...I wouldn\'t describe a guest who has been away a scant six years as "long‐awaited"."
Upon hearing Battler\'s name, he showed an ill‐humored expression, as though he had been let down, and turned his back to Nanjo again.
"I guess these six years went by in a blink of an eye to you, sunk in your research in this room..."
"Hmph.
 ......Perhaps a truly long‐awaited guest...
......will pay us a visit.
 .........Everything depends on the results of the roulette.
 ...The roulette is already starting to revolve.
 Rouge, or noir?"
"............Tonight, let us enjoy ourselves as we see what kind of miracle the roulette will show us.
 ...The payoffs are large.
 And I don\'t feel like losing...
 ......BEATRICE, ...you shall accept my bet........."
Just then, the telephone on the table rang.
That piercing noise seemed to displease Kinzo, and he picked up the receiver in order to preserve the silence as much as he could.
"......What is it?
 I\'m busy."
"It is Genji.
 The family has arrived."
"And what does that have to do with me?
 You can serve them some tea or something."
"...Certainly.
 I will see to it."
Kinzo hung up the phone rudely.
Watching him, Nanjo sighed yet again, and shifted his attention outside the window.
As he was now, Kinzo would probably show no interest in any kind of guest.
...Was there any guest who could make Kinzo agree to come out when he should?
He had one person in mind, but that guest was one who could not possibly appear...
After a glance at the witch of the portrait, and her candid expression which he could not place as happy or sad, Nanjo gazed up at the leaden sky......
Now then, are the pieces all lined up......?
Let us start a new game, with the pieces all lined up once more.
"Are there any problems...?"
"......Nope."
The witch looked at him in challenge while elegantly smoking her pipe.
And Battler?
He just slovenly shrugged his shoulders as though she wasn\'t worth his time.
He wouldn\'t look her in the eyes.
But that didn\'t mean he wasn\'t going to play.
...It signified his plain determination to never be taken in by the artifices of this being he faced.
It was an expression of his powerful determination to fight.
"Don\'t tell me you don\'t have a plan...?"
"I don\'t know how you\'re going to play, so no, I don\'t have any plan.
 ...Feel free to take the first move."
"Hmph... Naturally, I intend to.
 In what way shall I destroy your defense?
 In how many moves will I checkmate you?
 ......That is how I will display my skills."
"............Whatever moves you come at me with, I will never believe in you!
 ...As long as I stand my ground on that one point, I won\'t lose.
 And what that means is this.
 The way this game is made, you cannot win...!"
"Maybe you\'re right.
 However...
 I shall decide how many times we\'ll repeat this game.
 It will be repeated over and over again, until I win and you admit defeat...!"
"In other words, this is torment.
 Eternal torment that will continue until you surrender to me...!
 Continuing eternally, until you acknowledge me and the existence of witches!"
"......In that case, I\'ll go along with you endlessly, any number of times, until you run out of patience.
 I\'ve never lost in such a "battle of wills"."
"Did some witch or other suggest that to you...?
 *cackle*cackle*, that\'s just fine...!"
"I\'m tired of listening to your rambling.
 ...C\'mon, get this started!"
"Come, let us begin!
 I already know your moves far too well.
 A defense doesn\'t amount to much if the plan behind it is known!
 Don\'t think you\'ll be able to defy me with the same moves!!"
"......BEATRICE.
 I have only one thing to tell you before we start."
"What is it...?"
"You\'re free to say anything.
 But when it comes to whether I believe or not,
 that is always
 for me
 to decide...!"
"No matter how great your magic is!
 My soul won\'t yield to you.
 You think this will be torture for me?
 You\'re wrong!!"
"Then, what would you call it...!"
"This is torture for you!!"
"Someday you will yield to me and give up!
 Until then, you\'ll be tortured over and over again!"
"How amusing, a fine metaphor!!
 Torture where we torment each other, how truly amusing!
 Come, we shall begin that torture!!
 Ushiromiya Battleeeeer!!!"
