"...Six years ago, you say?
 I mean, six years, that\'s like the whole of elementary school, isn\'t it?
 It\'s pretty unfair to ask me to remember, don\'t you think?"
"I agree.
 Especially since we were so young; we\'ve grown a lot in these six years.
 Actually, if we hadn\'t been introduced, maybe we wouldn\'t have been able to remember you."
"You think?
 I knew it was Battler right away.
 After he opened his mouth, I was even more sure."
"Uu.
 I met him for the first time.
 Don\'t know about six years ago."
"That\'s natural.
 You were only three, after all."
"When you say it like that, I\'m the same.
 I only knew Maria when she was three years old, and since she\'s grown so big, yeah, no wonder I didn\'t recognize her."
After lunch, we had all gone out to the beach to walk around, talk and take it easy enjoying ourselves.
Our parents appeared somehow on edge, and seemed to have things to catch up on, so we had decided to leave our seats.
...Just as you\'d expect, since it had been six years, the conversation focused on me.
"Still, you\'ve really gotten taller.
 I won\'t call myself short, but anyway, your height surprised me."
"That\'s right. I remember well what Battler‐sama was like six years ago, but I was surprised even so."
"Totally.
 I could never have imagined this from how Battler looked six years back."
"I\'m surprised at how everyone remembers so much about six years ago.
 My memory\'s all hazy."
"Not surprised.
 I mean, you seemed to take a while even remembering us.
 That hurts a bit, ya know?"
"Come on, this was six years ago, right?
 It\'s ridiculous to ask me to remember...!"
"...So, you can\'t remember things that happened six years ago very well?
 I can remember as clearly as if it was yesterday..."
"That\'s because your memory is good, Shannon.
 I bet you remember well what kind of things Battler‐kun did and said six years ago, don\'t you?"
"Come to think of it, that\'s right.
 Shannon\'s memory is surprisingly good when it comes to certain things."
"Uu.
 I\'m crappy at remembering.
 Remember fun stuff well but horrible at boring stuff.
 Uu."
We all laughed, saying that everyone was like that.
"Shannon.
 By the way, what was Battler like six years ago?
 Remember any interesting episodes?"
"Let\'s see.
 ......I\'m sure that he said something like this when he left.
 "I\'ll be back... <See you again>.
 I\'ll come for you riding a white horse.""
"Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh,
 doooooooon\'t, so embarrassiiiiiiiiiiing!!"
"Gyaaah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐ha!!"
"I bet he did, I bet he did!
 That\'s exactly what he was like, six years ago he was always full of those stupid lines!"
"Waaahahahahaha!!"
"Hahahaha.
 It really does sound like something Battler‐kun would have said back then."
"Uu.
 Embarrassing? Embarrassing?"
"......Yeah.
 Horribly embarrassing..."
"Maria, I\'m sure that when you are in middle school, you\'ll want to say embarrassing things like that...
 When that happens, write it on the back of some leaflet first, and read it three times before you decide to say it out loud.
 If you don\'t, you\'ll definitely regret it..."
"Still, everyone has to pass through that painful period...
 That\'s right, that\'s how you know your place, learn shame, and become an adult.
 Yes, this is a memory I want to disappear, the bittersweet kind of thing that everyone does in adolescence as they transition to becoming adults...
 Aaaaarrggh..."
You see, I tend to let my mouth run wild without thinking too much, so I don\'t remember all the details of everything I say.
But when the contents are recited back to me afterwards, it\'s always something extremely embarrassing.
In recent years, I have finally come to understand this weakness, and have been working hard to refrain from such careless outbursts, but......
...It seems I was just born with the habit of speaking without thinking, and there isn\'t a whole lot I can do about it.
"Shanno~n, do you remember any other embarrassing things?"
"Yes, well... I remember various other things, but...
......since it looks like the person in question wants to forget them, I think I will refrain from saying any more..."
"To be blunt, there\'s nothing else I remembe~r.
 Please don\'t remind meeee."
"...Uu.
 Shannon\'s bullying Battler...?
 Uu.
 Bad.
 Bullying is bad."
"Hahahahaha. She isn\'t really bullying him.
 Let\'s leave it at that, okay?"
"But Shannon, you\'ll have tell me all about it sometime Battler‐kun isn\'t around.
 It sounds pretty interesting."
"Yes, certainly."
"N‐noooo, you can\'t, Shannon‐chaaaaaaaaaan...!!"
For a while, George‐aniki teased me by pretending to ask Shannon‐chan for more of my embarrassing misspeaks.
George‐aniki was messing around teamed up with Shannon‐chan,
 ......but he seemed, how to describe it, very candid and frank.
He was always frank with his cousins, but he usually took on a reserved, gentlemanly attitude when he came in contact with the servants.
...When I thought about it, I got the feeling that he was acting a little overly familiar, which seemed slightly weird.
Maria started scribbling in the sand with a stick,
 and George‐aniki and Shannon‐chan joined in, which left me and Jessica off to the side, so I asked her secretively.
"......Hey, Jessica.
 Is George‐aniki, ......umm, going out with Shannon‐chan?"
"Ooooh?
 What the, how did you notice?!
 Battler, you\'ve got more of an eye for people than I thought."
"Huh, ...whaaaaaaah?!
 I was just kidding— They\'re actually going out?!"
"Shhh!
 Your voice is too loud!
 ...They are actually keeping it secret for now, apparently, alright?
 It\'d be better if nobody heard about it, especially Auntie Eva."
"I, I see...
 Love with a servant..."
"...Y‐yeah, but, since when?
 Wowww, a lot can happen in six years......
 But still, Aniki really is talented, and Shannon‐chan is kind and spirited...
 ......They might be a pretty good match."
Actually, six years ago, I remember taking notice of her just a little bit.
So that\'s how it is... She really fits well with George‐aniki... Nothing I can do about that.
 ...Goodbye, my fleeting first love of six years ago...
.........Which means that...my collection of embarrassing lines that Shannon‐chan just held back on...
...probably has something to do with that...
 Aaaaaaaaaaarrghh, I can\'t take it...
"How long have they been going out?"
"That depends on what you call going out, but I\'d say it\'s definitely been at least a year.
 If you count the time before either of them confessed, it\'d be several years, I guess."
Before I\'d realized it, the two of them had separated themselves from the group, and were walking down the beach, talking about something.
......They looked calm,
 and rather than a light relationship between two lovers, it looked like a more serious relationship, as though they were already engaged.
"......Six years...
 That\'s a long‐ass time."
"What did these six years mean to me?
 I\'ve just gotten taller.
 It was just a waste of time, six years I spent obstinately fighting with my dad."
"What about you, Battler?
 Have you gotten a girlfriennnd?"
"Hmm, I wonder.
 There\'s a lot of girls that I play with.
 But I don\'t have that "special one" yet.
 ......I\'m probably just a kid.
 I think it\'s more fun to be noisy with a large group of people than being alone with one person."
"Aah, that\'s so you, Battler.
 But take your relationships with your female friends seriously."
"Girls can be scary with their communities and their wrong impressions, okay?
 There could be some secret feud going on over you, and someone might be crying or being hurt without you noticing it, you know?"
"That\'s so weird.
 I think I got the same bit of advice from one of the girls in my class just last week.
 ......What\'s with that?
 Why can\'t we all have fun together?
 Do they all really want to find a special person that badly?"
"...It\'s probably because you\'ve never had a partner like that, Battler.
 Well, you\'ll probably run into a girl like that at some point.
 Just gotta wait it out!"
"What?
 It sounds almost like you\'ve already found a partner like that.
 What about you?
 Have you gotten a boyfriend?"
"Huh?!
 M‐me?!
 No, err, wahahahahaha......"
"Come on, that reaction\'s so easy to understand...
 From the looks of it, there\'s some boy who you\'re thinking about, but you haven\'t been able to confess that to him yet, something like that."
"N‐no, umm, that\'s not, umm, uh!
 C‐cram it, jackass, who cares about me...!"
"You\'re the one who brought up this subject, why do you have to go and get mad at me?
 Women are creatures who always ask questions, and yet, they almost never answer them.
 What cruel creatures, seriously."
"......W‐well, okay, umm.
 ...I did try...
...to confess once.
 Well, umm, I struck out pretty badly."
"Did they say "Sorry"?"
"No, umm, ......
...well, umm, it was really one‐sided and they were just, like, taken aback, I guess...
 It was like they didn\'t even view me that way."
"I can understand that.
 You talk just like a man.
 If you don\'t act a little more elegant, you won\'t be able to entice a man\'s heart, you know?"
"I‐i‐is it really...
 ......Is the way I speak...
...really that bad?"
"...Hmm?
 Well, uhh, how you talk isn\'t everything, but if someone like you, who usually talks badly,
 suddenly started making an effort to talk nicely, umm, that takes courage, and that might really get some guys\' hearts thumping, maybe."
"R‐really...?
 I see......
 ......Yeah..."
Jessica had suddenly started speaking meekly, and was faintly blushing.
...I see, even though her confession didn\'t go well, it looks like she still hasn\'t given up.
But yeah...I totally get that.
 After seeing how close George‐aniki and Shannon‐chan have gotten, it\'s no wonder she\'d start wanting a boyfriend.
Six years.
 ...Those six years of puberty are pretty important, and they go by so fast.
With the typhoon approaching, the clouds had grown steadily grayer, and yet, even so, I had this really refreshing feeling.
...Maybe I\'ll start thinking more seriously about the opposite sex, more than just the size of their boobs...
"By the way,
 I know George‐aniki is going out with a servant, Shannon‐chan.
 ......Not you as well, right?"
"Huh, ...eeeeeeh?!?!
 Wh‐wh‐wh‐wh‐why do you think that...?!"
"Come to think of it, that young kid Kanon‐kun, who greeted us in the rose garden.
 You covered for him quite a bit just considering he was bad at talking, didn\'t you?"
"N‐no, that\'s not...
 Wahahahaha, you\'re too suspicious...!!"
"Then tell me just this one thing.
 Right now,
 is the boy you\'re after somewhere within one kilometer?"
"W‐well, that\'s, umm, ...I, I, I dunno..."
Kanon‐kun is the only boy on this island now who could possibly become her boyfriend.
 So judging by her reaction, I\'m probably right on.
I don\'t think of the Ushiromiya family as a noble family, but...two people in love with servants...
 I\'d never have dreamed that two pairs of Romeo and Juliet would be right next to me...
Auntie Eva will probably become an obstacle to George‐aniki and Shannon‐chan\'s love.
If Auntie Eva learns that the partner of her only son, the apple of her eye, is Shannon‐chan,
 she\'ll probably scream at her with cries of wretched servant, homewrecker, and so forth.
And a relationship between Jessica and Kanon‐kun would probably be just as full of difficulties.
Aunt Natsuhi also seemed the type to be strict about that kind of thing.
......After all, Jessica\'s husband would probably become the head of the Ushiromiya family in the future.
 If that person had once been a servant working for the family, ......well, no doubt things would be complicated.
"Well, everyone finds their own way in love.
 Who cares, as long as you find someone you enjoy being with?"
"Being with someone doesn\'t require any permission as long as the two people accept each other.
 If you worry about your parents or your family, then you lose.
 Don\'t forget that.
 You can\'t go out with someone with half‐hearted feelings."
"...Heh...
 I can\'t believe you\'re saying something so philosophical‐sounding when you\'ve never ever been in love."
"Don\'t treat love like a matter of profit and loss.
 It\'s about <heart>.
 That\'s all I want to say.
 Well then,
 <see you again, have a nice day>."
"......Pf,
 ...wahhahhahahahahahahahahaha!!
 George nii‐san, Shanno~n, listen, listennn!
 This guy, he\'s said another one of those lines!!"
"I didn\'t say anything, I didn\'t say anything!!
 Waaah, don\'t make fun of me, don\'t make fun of me!!"
"I heard, I heard!
 <See you aga~in>, <see you aga~in>!!"
For a while, we forgot about the wind getting stronger, and played around on the beach.
......This meeting with my cousins, who had grown so much over these last six years and were thoroughly enjoying their youth, felt truly refreshing.
......It was a little late now, but I realized that I should have buried the hatchet a lot sooner, and returned to the Ushiromiya family...
"It sure is nice to spend time together as cousins every once in a while..."
"Uu!
 I like it with all the cousins together, it\'s funnn!"
"That\'s right.
 We\'re already old enough.
 It\'s not like we couldn\'t meet each other when our parents aren\'t around.
 ...It might not be a bad idea for just us cousins to meet up and play every once in a while."
"That\'s a good plan.
 Maybe we should set up something like that someday."
"I agree.
 I\'d like for us cousins at least to always be friendly with each other."
"Hey, hey, if you put the emphasis there, doesn\'t that make it sound like our normal families don\'t get along well?"
"Hahahahahaha."
George‐aniki and Jessica laughed, but it felt just a little strained.
 ...Did I say too much?
Judging by how our parents had made quiet expressions and tired faces every once in a while during the boat ride and at the airport, maybe that was something I shouldn\'t have said.
"...That\'s right.
 Just like Jessica said.
 Let\'s always be friendly with each other."
"Uu!
 Me too!
 Everyone friendly!!"
"That\'s right.
 Yeah.
 We\'ll always be together.
 We\'ll always be friendly."
"Heheh.
 Man, we\'ve been saying some pretty embarrassing stuff.
 I feel kinda awkward."
"But I think that is very important.
 It\'s very hard for people to always be friendly, let alone always be together, unless they wish for it."
"That\'s right.
 You really can\'t take everyone being friendly for granted."
"Uu.
 A witch I know said it.
 Happiness won\'t be granted unless everyone believes in it."
"That\'s true.
 Maybe some magic exists in the power of belief.
 If we all believe in that, I\'m sure it will bring us happiness."
"Alright.
 Now the next embarrassing thing.
 Let\'s all swear to believe together, alright?
 That we\'ll all always be friendly, that we\'ll always be happy."
Screw becoming like our parents.
Searching for each other\'s weaknesses, going after Grandfather\'s fortune, screw all that forever...
"Alright!
 We\'ll always be friendly and happy.
 And let\'s all believe that."
No matter how long it had been, or how much fun we were having, it didn\'t stop the dark clouds from approaching Rokkenjima.
......I wonder if the typhoon will pass and show us the refreshing sky before we leave this island.
Who gives a crap about what our parents are plotting?
Who gives a crap about the inheritance and the honor of our old family?
We\'re so young, and renewing our old friendship.
And every one of us believes together that we can all be happy.
So...
I want this day to end,
 without anything weird occurring,
 in peace and happiness,
 calmly...
No, ...not "I want it to end".
......Please, let it end......!
"In your dreeeeeeeeeeeams!
 Kyah‐hahah‐hah‐hah‐hahahahahahahahahahaha!!"
"Damn iiiiiiiit!!
 Don\'t show up, don\'t appear!!
 Damndamndaaamn!!"
"Sorry to keep you waiting.
 The new game has finally been prepared."
"Come, let us begin this tale of tragedy!
 Come to me, rain, winds, typhoon!
 Cut this island off from the real world!!
 Throw Rokkenjima into another world, into the netherworld, into a world of fantasy!"
And so, the tale repeated for the third time.
However, before the Endless Witch,
 what point was there in counting one, two, three?
There was probably no point at all.
After all, this tale of fantasy would be repeated endlessly, until the match was settled, and either Battler or the witch surrendered.
And the sky grew dark and cloudy, the rain and wind were summoned together and became a typhoon...
And Maria could be seen in the rose garden, paying no mind to the rain that had started falling,
 going around in circles, searching for that single rose which she had surely marked......
".........Not here...
 Not here......
 The rose we marked,
 ......my rose isn\'t here...
 ......Uu.
 ............Uu!!"
Maria definitely remembered it.
That rose had been in the flower bed right here.
 And yet, it wasn\'t.
She didn\'t know what to do with her irritation at not being able to find something which should have been there,
 and, moaning bitterly, she couldn\'t help but keep going back and forth in circles around the same spot.
She was acting almost as though she would be able to see it if she looked at a different angle,
 but try as she might, there was no way she would find something that wasn\'t there...
The wind grew increasingly stronger, and the rain turned into cold, large drops.
There was no way Maria wasn\'t bothered by this.
However, if she couldn\'t find her rose here, it would surely disappear forever.
...Maria believed that.
 That feeling spurred her on to keep searching for a rose that she had no chance of finding...
Just then, the cold drops of rain that were tormenting Maria were suddenly blocked.
"..................Uu?"
Maria raised her head.
 ...When she did, she saw that an umbrella was opened there, protecting her from the rain...
And the one holding out that umbrella was...
......the witch she admired, BEATRICE.
"BEATRICE...!!"
"What are you doing so frantically in the middle of all this rain?
 You could catch a cold like this.
 Even witches have to care for their own health."
"My...
 ...My rose...
 I can\'t find it...
 ......Uu.
 No matter how many times I search,
 ......even though it was definitely here,
 ...can\'t find it..."
Maria told BEATRICE about how there had been a slightly unhealthy, pitiful rose,
 and that she was sure they had marked it.
"Hohoh.
 And you can\'t find it.
 .........If you are a witch apprentice, you should use magic to search for the rose.
 I believe that as long as you search with merely your eyes, it won\'t be nearly enough."
"......Uu.
 ......Can\'t find it.
 ...I did my best, and tried to search with magic, but can\'t find it..."
"While this is certainly ideal for practicing your magic, it might be a little too much for you with all of this wind and rain.
 ......Allow me to lend you some special power.
 Concern for one\'s disciples is also among the duties of a master."
"Tha‐...thank youuu.
 BEATRICE!!"
Maria\'s face, which had been full of sadness until just now, split open into a grin.
Maria knew.
 She knew that there was nothing BEATRICE\'s magic couldn\'t do.
So she was sure that BEATRICE would easily be able to find the rose that she couldn\'t find herself...
BEATRICE closed her eyes lightly, acting as though she was listening for something in all this wind and rain.
 Then she heard it, opened her eyes, and spoke.
"............Hmm.
 All things in this world are transitory.
 It is unfortunate, Maria.
 ...It seems that your rose couldn\'t withstand all of this wind and rain."
"Uu......
 Then, my rose is.........?"
"It was uprooted by the wind, and is no longer of this world."
"..................Uu......"
What BEATRICE had said was certainly plausible.
 ...There was nothing odd about the flower being broken off at the stem in this strong wind.
...However, Maria couldn\'t accept this, and bitterly gave a low‐pitched moan...
"...............No."
"Hoh?"
"......No no no!
 It\'s my rose!!
 My rose has to come back!
 I\'ll bring it back to life with my magic."
"BEATRICE, teach me how to revive a rose with magic...!!"
"Ha!
 It\'s much too early for an apprentice like you to learn the hidden art of Endless Magic.
 Know your place."
"..................Uuuu."
Maria wiped the tears from her eyes, full of regret.
Seeing that expression, which so invited pity, BEATRICE shrugged her shoulders and chuckled.
"Very well.
 I will lend you power for the hidden art that can revive a rose."
"Really?!"
"Yes.
 ......Well then, concentrate the power of your heart.
 Close your eyes, forget the rain, forget the wind, search for the soul of the wandering rose with the eyes of your heart."
"......Uu."
Maria closed her eyes.
Then, she repeated BEATRICE\'s poem‐like words...
"Come, try to remember.
 Rose, what form did you have?"
"...Come, try to remember.
 Rose, what form did you have...?"
"Don\'t look.
 Don\'t listen.
 And believe.
 ......Release the power of your soul from the cage of flesh that imprisons it.
 ............That\'s it.
 ......Good..."
Around Maria, who was concentrating her power, her eyes tightly shut, small golden butterflies began to dance.
 ......Was this the manifestation of the magical power Maria held?
"Lost soul of the rose.
 Gather into one, and remember your form.
 ......Come, gather, remember..."
The glitter of the gold butterflies began to strengthen, and their numbers increased; then, BEATRICE raised a finger up to the skies, and they began to gather at the tip of that finger...
This was the miracle of the golden magic...
And the gold butterflies began to condense into a single dazzling grain of gold.
 ......It was a single seed, glittering gold.
It sat on the tip of BEATRICE\'s finger, budded into a golden sprout, and opened into a golden leaf.
 It then slowly fell from that fingertip, sank into the mud of the flower bed, and began to grow steadily...
...Maria, who admired magic and witches, must have really wanted to see this fantastical sight.
However, as an apprentice, Maria was still not qualified to see it.
...No, she was probably afraid that, if she opened her eyes to look, the power of her heart\'s concentration would be interrupted, and the magic would be lost.
Therefore, it was BEATRICE, the one permitted to lay eyes on that golden miracle,
 who was the one and only witch, and the master of many miracles...
Then, the fully grown rose bloomed, creating one golden flower.
And when BEATRICE poked it with her finger in just the right way,
 the gold‐colored sparkles scattered, just as if a golden soap bubble had popped, and what remained was a single beautiful rose.
"...Mmhm.
 It looks like you\'ve remembered a splendid rose."
"......However, if we just leave it mixed in with these other roses, you won\'t be able to tell it apart.
 Shall I perform one last service?"
BEATRICE, for the sake of her cute apprentice witch who was moaning even more now in concentration,
 decided to cast one more little spell.
She snapped her fingers, and a single gold butterfly appeared, fluttered around, and landed on the flower that had just been revived.
Then it suddenly burst open and disappeared, becoming golden lace and marking the rose...
"That is sufficient.
 ......Maria.
 You may open your eyes now."
".........Uu?
 Where\'s the rose?
 Not here.
 Not here."
"Not over there, over here.
 ...Look.
 I have marked it with golden lace."
"Wow... You did...!!
 Awesome awesome awesome awesome!!
 Thank you Beato, thank you Beato!!
 I want to become a witch quickly, a Great Witch like Beato!!"
"And you can.
 Long ago, I too wished for that innocently, just as you do, and I have attained that level."
Maria was ecstatic over the revived rose, clapping her hands and jumping around in joy.
...Watching that, BEATRICE also smiled, looking fairly pleased.
Now, if I try, I can break or repair any soul, not just that of a rose, and kill and revive as I please.
So, the barrier created by the storm has closed Rokkenjima off from the real world.
Now is the time for the Golden Witch, the Endless Witch, BEATRICE to descend.
BEATRICE pulled from her pocket an envelope with the family crest, the One‐winged Eagle, and gave it to Maria.
Maria frolicked around at being selected to be the witch\'s messenger.
"So, Kinzo.
 I\'ve come to join in on your fun once again...
 My preparations are already complete.
 What about you?
 I assume you have prepared enough coins to bet in tonight\'s game...?"
"Naturally, I am fully prepared, BEATRICE...!!
 I have prepared pieces in abundance.
 I am ready both physically and mentally!"
"So, let me pay the ante.
 All that you have given should be returned to you in the end.
 Now, take it!!"
Kinzo flung the window of his study wide open, took off the reasonably large golden ring which had been on his finger,
 and threw it into the darkness of the raging wind and rain...
That ring was struck by lightning, and after twinkling gold for an instant, disappeared.
Kinzo watched it go, grinning broadly and fearlessly.
"I don\'t see myself losing.
 You are mine.
 Forever!!"
The ring that Kinzo had thrown became a single gold butterfly, and fluttered around in the wind and rain.
It headed for the rose garden, almost as though it was being guided there.
It then found the figure of the Golden Witch, and fluttered down......
When it arrived right in front of BEATRICE,
 it burst in a flash of gold, and returned to its original form of a ring, flipping up into the air.
It seemed as if it would simply fall back down into a puddle of water, but suddenly it stopped in midair.
 ...Almost as if some transparent person had caught it.
Somehow, this seemed unexpected even to BEATRICE.
However, she soon realized what—who—it was, and grinned broadly at it.
As she did, the figure of the person who had caught the ring began to fuzzily appear...
It was the figure of a young man wearing a butler\'s uniform embroidered with the One‐winged Eagle crest...
There was no man like this among the servants who served the Ushiromiya family.
Even so, BEATRICE laughed as though it was someone she remembered fondly.
"Ronove, is it.
 ......It\'s been quite some time.
 It seems that you have remembered me.
 You always were a man who was serious about loyalty."
"It has been a very long time since you last corresponded...
 There has not been a single day that I, Ronove, have forgotten that I serve you, Milady."
"Indeed, I was more fearful that you had forgotten about me, Milady.
 I have, after all, known you to be quite forgetful."
"*cackle*cackle*...!
 I see, yes, it seems I do forget easily.
 I couldn\'t even remember your wry speech until I heard it again."
"For you, Milady."
With an exaggerated yet elegant gesture, he bowed respectfully,
 and held out to BEATRICE the Head\'s Ring that he had just caught.
"It is the Ushiromiya family Head\'s Ring, returned to you from Ushiromiya Kinzo.
 It is now, once again, in the possession of its master."
"Indeed.
 The proclamation by Kinzo that the game has started.
 I acknowledge receipt."
"So, how would you like to play tonight?
 Shall I prepare the roulette immediately?
 Or shall I prepare some black tea first?"
"Both sound attractive, but for now, I suspect I need you to greet someone.
 I am quite sure that man has his mouth hanging open and can\'t shut it.
 Right, Battler?"
"Greetings.
 Allow me to introduce myself.
 I am called Ronove, and I serve at the side of Milady BEATRICE.
 It is truly a pleasure to meet you."
"See?
 His mouth\'s hanging open and he can\'t shut it, right?
 *cackle*cackle*!"
"Isn\'t that obvious, another incomprehensible guy\'s just appeared!!
 I grumbled that goat‐headed people would start doing the Bon dance, and then goat‐heads started showing up in swarms,
 and since then, not only have those seven sexy‐assed babes appeared, but now even a butler has goddamn shown up!!
 It doesn\'t make sense, cut it out!!"
"By the way, Battler.
 Did you notice?
 Have you realized that your meeting him...is a true "Devil\'s Proof"?"
"A, a Devil\'s Proof...?!
 What do you mean...?"
"He may not look like it, but this guy is a genuine demon, with his name amongst the 72.
 In other words, I\'ve brought a demon right in front of you, which truly proves that they exist."
"*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*!!
 Ronove holds a noble rank in Hell, the 27th highest‐ranked Great Demon.
 He\'s a pretty useful man.
 I summoned him at high cost and made him serve me."
"It is an honor to be introduced to you.
 While my name is amongst those of the nobles of Hell,
 I now serve as the head furniture of BEATRICE‐sama, vulgar Human and Great Witch from whom even demons would flee in fear."
"*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*. He\'s a very useful man, but he is impudent with his words.
 It\'s slightly frustrating that he sometimes forgets to respect his master."
"There is nothing in my contract regarding the way in which I must speak.
 Would you like to change that contract?"
"It doesn\'t bore me, so it\'s fine.
 *cackle*cackle*!"
BEATRICE turned her back to him, cackling.
After bowing once to her back, Ronove turned back to Battler and stuck out his right hand, showing off an innocent smile.
 Normally, this would mean that he was asking for a handshake.
"......Wh‐...what is this supposed to be?"
"I am also one who has been subjected to Milady\'s whims.
 In that sense, I am sure that we could become good friends.
 This is a handshake of friendship."
"......Of course, it does not mean that you will be entered into a demon\'s contract, so rest assured."
"Sorry, but I\'m right in the middle of a big fight with your master.
 I only shake hands with an enemy after one of those situations like you find in teen dramas, when we\'ve beaten each other up in a rainy schoolyard and are all worn out.
 Remember that."
"I see.
 Then, to shake hands with you, Battler‐sama, I must create a fitting atmosphere in a suitable location,
 and we must exchange body language and sweet words that ring true to the heart.
 I will find a suitable opportunity to prepare such a location."
"I too looove those kinds of situations, you know?
 Pu ku ku ku...!"
Laughing tauntingly, Ronove whispered that to Battler, with his face so close that their noses were almost touching.
Battler, his face turning red after getting so close to another of the same sex, pushed him away.
"Y‐you\'re a creepy bastard...
 I see, just right for Beato\'s butler..."
"It is an honor to receive such words of praise.
 I am very confident in my tea brewing abilities, so please look forward to tea time.
 Baking cookies is one of my hobbies, so I encourage you to have high expectations for the teacakes and such."
"Just what I would expect from a pair of the same gender.
 You\'ve started to get along well very quickly.
 I\'m jealous."
"My, my.
 I apologize most humbly for making you jealous, Milady.
 I will not stealthily snatch your guest away from you."
"Well then, I will leave for now to greet the rest of the furniture and inform them that I have retaken my post as head furniture.
 Please forgive my short absence."
"Mmhm.
 Only the common goats and the Seven Sisters used for the ritual have manifested themselves.
 You will be able to finish up greeting them with ease."
"Oh?
 Those lively Seven Sisters are here?
 I wonder whether those naughty girls have grown a little more graceful?"
"......Ihihi.
 If that\'s graceful, I\'d have to doubt the definition of graceful."
"Is that so?
 It seems that you have already enjoyed some playtime with the Seven Sisters."
"Judging by your expression, it seems that they are just as naughty as they were before.
 Even though I am always telling them to act more fitting as a group of those who serve BEATRICE‐sama.
 What troublesome kids..."
"If that\'s your problem, don\'t worry.
 They actually act perfectly fitting for their master..."
"*cackle*cackle*cackle*!
 You have started to grow some guts!"
"However, to have a conversation is to acknowledge the person you are talking to.
 Now that you have started to respond to my idle chatting, that is proof that you are gradually starting to accept my existence."
"Heh.
 That\'s because, even if the sun starts rising from the west, I will definitely, definitely‐definitely, never accept that you\'re a witch.
 Maybe if you start crying and kissing my shoes, I might be willing to have a more constructive discussion."
Even if Battler was bluffing, he still spoke forcefully, a fearless expression on his face.
The witch and her butler snickered together, realizing that their guest had regained more than enough of his willpower to take on a new game,
 and that the preparations were complete...
After Ronove exchanged a few words with BEATRICE, he bowed silently to Battler, scattered into gold butterflies, and disappeared.
"*cackle*cackle*.
 It is truly pleasing when everything gets so lively."
"......How boring were those days when I was trapped alone on this island, unable to regain my power and without anyone to talk to."
"......I get how that creepy‐ass guy is really fitting as your butler."
"...But tell me.
 Why has that butler only appeared now?
 You said something about how only the goats and the seven stake chicks had manifested themselves.
 What did that mean...?"
"Hmm, yes.
 You still fight it, but I am a fully fledged witch.
 I am in contact with a good many nonhuman entities in the netherworld."
"I\'m sure.
 None of your contacts are halfway near decent.
 First some goat monsters, then those sexy‐assed babes, and this time a demon butler\'s showed up.
 ......I don\'t want to say it, but there better not be more and more of these weird guys to come..."
"Hahahaha!
 How much furniture do you think I have serving at my great golden mansion, how many demons do you think visit me there?
 They will keep coming.
 They will appear in any number."
"When the door to the Golden Land is opened, I will call back all of my furniture, and build my new castle here on Rokkenjima.
 Then I plan to invite all of my old friends, and we will drink and dance together for three days and three nights."
"......I do also plan to invite Kinzo\'s family, of course?
 You too, if you wish.
 *cackle*cackle*...!"
"......So let me get this straight.
 Since you\'d lost your power, for a long time, you couldn\'t summon them."
"...And your magic power has been recovering gradually, so you\'ve become able to summon more and more monsters.
 Is that what you\'re trying to say?"
"It is as you say.
 You have managed to avoid taking that final step off the cliff,
 but your heart is already wavering, and you are unable to deny that I am a witch.
 That wavering in your heart has slightly restored my power as a witch."
"So are you saying that creepy butler appeared...
...because I started to surrender?"
"That\'s right.
 Bit by bit, you are surrendering to me...!
 You submitted to me so much in the last game that you received all of that humiliation, did you not?"
"Your back was truly pleasant for throwing my feet up on, I\'ll have you know.
 *cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*!!"
"...D‐
......dammit.......
 ...I thought that, as long as I didn\'t accept you, I\'d be able to keep on going.
 ...But it seems apparently I was mistaken."
"That\'s right.
 The closer you get to submitting, the more the game will swing in my favor.
 Isn\'t chess the same?"
"In the process of cornering each other\'s kings, we have traded several pieces.
 It is true that I have yet to corner your king."
"......However, you have your hands full just enabling your king to escape, and have lost several important pieces to me, and conceded a large advantage.
 It is only natural that further advances will lean in my favor."
"..................Damn........."
"As we continue, you will probably still succeed in frantically avoiding my checkmates, if nothing else.
 ...However, as you do, I will steal your important pieces from you one by one.
 In the end, you will have lost everything but your king, and you will receive a true checkmate, from which you will be denied any form of escape."
"......You were talking big last time, weren\'t you?
 Something about how, since you would never accept me, this would be eternal torture that would torment me.
 Only witches who have reached the endless level can talk about eternity.
 You have never possessed that qualification.
 *cackle*cackle*cackle*, hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐hah‐ha!!"
"Kinzo‐sama has already publicly displayed the location of the hidden gold within the epitaph under my portrait.
 The rules apply equally to all who can read the epitaph.
 If you discover the gold, I shall return everything to you."
"Tonight, I ask that you enjoy your battle of wits with Kinzo‐sama to the fullest.
 I sincerely pray that this night will be both intellectual and elegant.
 —BEATRICE THE GOLDEN."
When Maria finished reading the letter that BEATRICE had handed her, everyone was at a loss for words for a while.
And then, they all broke the silence at once...
"R‐Ridiculous.
 What a worthless, vicious prank!"
"I agree wholeheartedly.
 There is no way that Father would give up the Head\'s Ring.
 BEATRICE?
 Ha!
 What a transparent prank, hoping that bringing up that name will have us running around like headless chickens."
"Come on come on, who\'s the one behind this dessert packing a little too much punch?
 I\'ll applaud and admire you if you come clean now.
 Rosa?"
"O‐of course not...!
 I wouldn\'t pull a prank assuming Father\'s name!"
"Then Aneki?!
 Aniki?!"
"Me?!
 Don\'t be absurd!
 It was you, wasn\'t it?!
 Only you could plan something this vulgar!!"
"Are you trying to mock me?!!
 I\'m the one who wants to question you!
 Who is behind this ill‐natured prank?!"
Krauss beat the table and stared at everyone.
...Since that included the children too, he scared them greatly...
"...A letter from a mysterious person who claims to have been given full rights to Father\'s assets.
 And if you think about how this family conference is all about discussing that,
 ......I think it\'s too hasty to call this just a prank."
"I wouldn\'t be so sure.
 It really might be one of Father\'s vulgar pranks...
 He might\'ve planned this to shock us a bit, since we\'ve been discussin\' the distribution of his inheritance without him..."
"If Dad was the one who planned this,
 ......then we can\'t take what Maria‐chan just read aloud as a joke, right...?"
"......That\'s right.
 If you interpret the contents literally, ...then this is a test from Father.
 The epitaph of the witch has been displayed in the hall for quite some time now, so that any one of us could solve it.
 There was plenty of notice.
 So he\'s saying that the first person to solve it will be handed the headship along with all of his wealth, right...?"
......See? Our magic worked......
"Ridiculous, there is nothing of the sort!!
 It is an unshakable fact that my husband will become the successor to the Ushiromiya family headship!!"
"This letter is the very thing that shakes it!
 This letter is a message from the person who was given full rights to all of Father\'s wealth!"
"Nii‐san\'s right to become the head has returned to a blank slate.
 The person who solves the riddle,
 ......the person who finds BEATRICE\'s gold will become the next head of the Ushiromiya family!!"
"Ludicrous...!
 Are you going to trust the meaningless words in that letter?
 That the seal was the real thing?
 How can we possibly trust that!!"
"Then let\'s try going to ask Father directly!
 We aren\'t at the level where you can get away with saying that his mood\'s bad or that he\'s not feeling well, you know?!"
"The sealed wax clearly shows that this letter was from Father\'s representative!
 If you doubt that, then show some proof, Nii‐san.
 Prove that this letter is not an expression of Father\'s wishes!!"
"V‐very well.
 It is just as you say.
 It no longer matters whether Dad\'s in a good mood or not...
 Let us go up and ask him directly."
"Let\'s do it.
 We\'ll ask Dad directly.
 Dad is to blame too here, why did he have to choose such a roundabout way?
 Well, that is a little like him!"
"I, I wonder if it\'s alright to talk like that, taking it for granted that it is Father\'s letter..."
"Stupid Rosa!!
 Isn\'t it obviously Father\'s letter?!
 That letter was Father\'s!!
 Isn\'t it obvious that he\'s giving the four of us an even chance to become the successor?!!"
"Idiot, die, you useless woman!!"
Rosa really is dumb.
 Why doesn\'t she just give up and die forever...?
"I, I\'m sorry...!
 Th‐tha‐that\'s right...
 I\'m sorry..."
In the beginning, the adults had all doubted the authenticity of the letter,
 but after just now realizing that this was a once‐in‐a‐lifetime chance for the three siblings other than Krauss in the struggle for the inheritance, Eva had changed her position, and had claimed that the letter was authentic.
Rudolf and Rosa also realized that, and agreed.
"Good gracious!!
 How could adults like you take such a worthless prank this seriously...!
 Even though I am not Father, I understand well his exasperation!!"
"Whoa whoa whoa whoa!
 Natsuhi‐san, won\'t everythin\' be fine if we just ask Father...?!
 Everything\'ll be fine if Father simply mentions that he doesn\'t know about the letter!"
"Nii‐san.
 Take responsibility, and just get him to say that he doesn\'t know about the letter.
 This isn\'t a time to get scared just because he\'s in a bad mood, you know?!"
He\'s still scared of Father at his age, what an idiot.
 Why doesn\'t he just give up and die forever...?
"R‐right!
 Let\'s get this situation painted in black and white.
 He\'s probably eating in his study right now.
 I think it\'s time we had him rest his chopsticks for a moment...!"
"It\'s decided.
 Let\'s go!
 Kyrie, wait here for a while.
 We\'ll go to check whether it\'s true or not and come back quickly."
"......Thank you.
 I will wait patiently for Gohda‐san to bring the dessert."
The four siblings, Natsuhi, and Hideyoshi all stood from their seats forcefully and flew out into the hallway with a clatter.
Afterwards, the only ones left were the children, stunned completely speechless; Nanjo, who looked uncomfortable;
 and Kyrie, shrugging her shoulders.
Maria, who had been at the center of all this turmoil, looked a little scared at the adults\' sudden change.
...However, judging from her appearance,
 she didn\'t look like she realized the full significance of what she had just read out.
"...What in the world......was that all about...?
 I don\'t friggin\' get it..."
"......Shitheads, every last one of them.
 Do they really want the inheritance that much...?!"
"............Everyone,
 this is our parents\' problem.
 It has nothing to do with us.
 So you mustn\'t worry about it."
"Yeah, if only it was that easy...
 ...They were so blatantly..."
"I thought they were better than this...!
 Showing off their greed...!"
"Uu!
 Everyone has to believe together we\'ll be happy!
 Uu‐uu!"
"...That\'s right.
 We all did promise.
 Come on, Battler‐kun, Jessica‐chan, you too..."
"............Haah."
"......I feel like crap..."
We couldn\'t accept it at all, but we laid down our arms for the time being.
...We had known vaguely how filthy the family conference was going to be this time.
 ...However, after that six‐year blank, I couldn\'t help being shocked...
Seeing that the children were completely dejected, Doctor Nanjo cleared his throat uncomfortably.
"...It\'s an adult discussion.
 It has nothing to do with all of you young people.
 Let us forget about it."
"I would if I could, okay...!"
"I know that it\'s hard on you.
 But please, forget it for now, for their sakes."
"...All of your parents are fighting frantically to make your futures just a little brighter.
 Please, don\'t look at your injured parents with those cold eyes when they come back."
".....................
 Even on your request, Kyrie‐san,
 ......that\'s a hard one."
"If we could be that cut and dried about it,
 ......we wouldn\'t be kids in the first place....."
"Uu!
 Everyone happyyy!!
 Can\'t get daaaark!!
 Belieeeeve!
 Unless we all believe we can be happy, the happiness will get away!
 We all have to believe!
 Uu‐uu‐uu!!"
"......That sounds good.
 I\'ll believe too.
 We can be happy."
"Uu!
 Auntie Kyrie, thank you!!"
"Battler and Jessica onee‐chan, you believe too!
 BEATRICE is always saying that magic won\'t have any power if you don\'t believe.
 Uu!"
Kyrie‐san rose from her seat quietly, went over to Maria, and crouched down so that their eyes met.
"......Uu.
 You believed, Auntie Kyrie.
 Now, Battler and Jessica onee‐chan have to believe."
"They\'re both strong people.
 They\'ll feel better soon and do that for you."
"Yeah."
"More importantly,
 ............I want you to tell me."
When Kyrie‐san said that, Jessica, George‐aniki, Doctor Nanjo and I all listened closely.
...It looked like our parents\' minds had been filled by thoughts of Grandfather and the inheritance problem,
 but we wanted to ask Maria about something simpler.
"Uu?
 What?"
"Who gave you that letter, Maria‐chan...?"
"BEATRICE!!"
"The witch drawn in that portrait...?"
"Uu!
 She gave me this letter and an umbrella!
 And she used magic to fix my rose that was broken!
 BEATRICE is an awesome witch who can do anything!!"
"............Could you tell us about it in a bit more detail...?"
