Gohda was doing the nighttime rounds.
There had never been anything on Rokkenjima outside the Ushiromiya family.
So checking that the doors and windows were all closed had no real purpose.
However, ever since Natsuhi had scolded them saying that this was careless, the nighttime rounds had become part of the servants\' daily routine.
......The reason that Natsuhi had ordered this was the occasional disturbances of the witch.
Everyone who visited this island knew about the legend of {f:5:Beatrice}, the witch of the forest.
 This had become established as this island\'s characteristic ghost story.
Because of that, it was only natural that some people would occasionally say that, when they thought they were alone in the mansion,
 ...they had heard strange sounds, or seen the shadow of a person.
However, when that had created a little too big of a disturbance and reached Natsuhi\'s ears,
 she had made a fuss, thinking that some suspicious person might have been coming in and out.
Apparently, it was said that she had roused all of the servants and had them check throughout the mansion.
Because all of this uproar over the witch had happened before Gohda had come,
 he had only heard about it from the more senior servants.
Ghost stories like that could be found in any workplace.
 Even at the hotel Gohda had once worked at, and at the restaurant,
 there was never a shortage of those types of story.
So when he heard that story on this island,
 he smiled bitterly, thinking "ah, so they have that kind of thing here after all".
He smiled bitterly, but he thought when in Rome, do as the Romans do, and had not slighted that.
Gohda went along with it on the outside, but in his heart he thought it was a childish trick.
 ......At first.
"............This certainly is eerie.
 I see, I understand why the servants got in an uproar over this in the past."
He could understand that if someone, doing the rounds on an eerie night like this,
 saw a lace curtain waving in the breeze from a window which hadn\'t been closed,
 they might be tempted to believe they had seen a ghost.
"So there\'s a curse if you make fun of the witch of the portrait, huh.
 ......Seems like there were servants who got hurt really bad and quit, too.
 ...I\'d hate to be injured.
 I\'m already this old.
 Doubt I\'ll ever be blessed with a workplace this hospitable again...
 Aaah.
 Great witch of the portrait.
 I\'m really gonna work hard here, so please go easy on me."
Gohda prayed to the portrait, his hands together, as though he was at a Shinto shrine...
At that time, ...he thought he heard a sound.
The kitchen?
 Was that the sound of something metal falling on the floor?
Surely a mouse or a cockroach hadn\'t come out, and knocked over some of the dishes...
 No, no, how could that be.
 It was routinely and thoroughly cleaned!
Gohda thought that in any case he had better check what that noise had been, and entered the kitchen.
He turned on the kitchen light.
......When he did, he heard a strange sound.
Clankclankclankclankclankclank.
......To a cook like Gohda, that sound seemed like the lid on the pressure cooker or something was shaking.
Of course, it couldn\'t be in use when no one was in the kitchen.
If someone had been using the gas, what a dangerous thing to do, to just walk away from it.
...Just in case, Gohda decided to inspect the area around the gas range...
"...............What is this...?"
When he did, in the corner by the gas range,
 ...the pressure cooker really had been placed there, just as he had thought.
But the flame wasn\'t on.
...And yet, the lid was clanking...
Was something fermenting and leaking gas?
...How could that be?
 ......Then was there a mouse or something inside?
...How could there be, ridiculous...
In front of people, Gohda acted as though he had a bold personality fitting for his build,
 ......but he actually had an unexpectedly timid side to him.
He was terrified to find out what might be inside, and he couldn\'t check it carelessly...
In his cowardice, ...he grabbed a nearby wooden pestle,
 and with a clunk!,
 he tapped it a little strongly against the side of the pressure cooker.
When he did, the clanking sound suddenly stopped.
...He should have been relieved now that it had stopped,
 ...but the fact that it had stopped when he had hit it was even more eerie, and made him even more suspicious about what was inside...
"............nn, ...*gulp*.
 .........Strange phenomena do not exist in this world, no sirree.
 Yes, there\'s no such thing as witches, or magic, things like that can\'t possibly exist.
 All phenomena can be explained with science.
 ......As though monsters and witches could exist...!"
He repeated that many times, trying to build up his own confidence.
 ...It was quite comical how he looked completely different from what he was saying.
"Who would believe in a witch, who would believe in magic or curses...
 ......Come on,
 ......show me what you really are...!
 Take that!"
......He removed the lid of the pressure cooker.
And lying exposed there...
was the sparkling clean silver bottom of the pot.
......There was absolutely nothing frightening like he had imagined.
"...............Whew.
 ...Hahahaha, well, of course.
 ...There\'s no way there could have been anything inside."
By now, Gohda realized that he had been a coward.
......So while he still had some doubts about what had caused the lid to make that sound,
 ...he explained it away abstractly as some quirk of positioning or something, and decided not to worry about it too much.
Then he took the lid he had grabbed, ......and softly set it back down where it had been.
......It\'s alright, there won\'t be a sound.
 ......Obviously.
As if witches or magic could exist...!
Clank.
 Clankclankclankclank.
"...............Huh...?"
Clankclankclankclankclankclankclankclank.
CLANKCLANKCLANKCLANKCLANKCLANKCLANKCLANKCLANKCLANKCLANKCLANKCLANKCLANK!
"Hii, ......HIIIiiiIIIIii!!"
All of the pots and utensils in the kitchen started clanking at once.
And it grew stronger still, until finally, it became so strong that the lid to one of the pots fell off...!
And, ......from inside that pot, .........a slender white arm slowly streeeetched out.
The lid fell off another pot, and another hand slowly streeeetched out,
 and anotherrrr,
 and anotherrrr...
"Hiiiiiiiii!!!
 Witches aren\'t, witches can\'t be reeeeeal!!
 I\'ll never believe iiiiiiiiiit!!"
When the number of arms grew to seven, a loud, shrill laughter split the air.
"What a letdown!
 It\'s a reeeeal letdown that a person who can make such delicious food is such a lightweight!!"
"If you don\'t need him, I\'ll take him, he\'s all mine!!"
"Wait, I said nooooooooooo!!
 I\'m gonna take him!!"
"Huh?!
 Wha, whaa?!?!
 HYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!"
""""Kyahahahahahahaha!!!""""
Come on, let\'s search, there\'s only one more.
That old hag!
 Where is she?
Not the mansion, maybe the guesthouse?
Kuhihihihi, you snooze you lose, right, you snooze you lose, right?!
Come on, search search, find her find her...!
Don\'t get noticed by the relatives in the dining hall?
Don\'t get noticed by the kids in the guesthouse?
Search in silence, kill in silence!
After all, it\'s still just the first twilight!
She isn\'t in the guesthouse.
But she wasn\'t in the mansion either?
Hey hey, I found her, I found her, she\'s in the rose garden.
Why\'s she standing around there without an umbrella?
She\'s given herself up, all mine all mine all miiine!
You slowpokes can just sit there and watch!
I told you, nooooooo, this one\'s miiiiiiiiiiiiine!!
Come on, if we take any longer we\'ll be scolded by {f:5:Beatrice}‐sama!
 Let\'s take care of it all at once!
"......................................."
Come on, found her, surrounded her!
 Come on, let\'s get along and do it all at once, okay?!
 Diiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiie!!!
".........Eeeh...?
 .........Huh?"
"Wh‐
......what is...
...this..."
"............Hoh‐hoh‐hoh‐ho.
 What naughty girls.
 ...Could you be friends of that child...?"
"...What is with this............o‐old hag...?!"
"There\'s got to be some mistake!!
 One more time!!"
"......Why can she defend against us?!"
"Move aside!
 One more time!!!"
"............No matter how often you try, it\'s useless.
 This person...is good."
"...............I am waiting for that child.
 Would you mind calling for her?"
"D‐do you think we\'d be apprenticed to you like that?!"
"There\'s no need."
"{f:5:Beatrice}‐sama...!"
"............It was sufficient for even myself to manifest.
 ...I was sure that you would awaken."
"Ronove.
 It has been a long time.
 ......Yes, it truly has been a long time."
"This woman, she didn\'t use "sama" for his name......!"
"..................And...
it has been a long time for us also.
 ...{f:5:Beatrice}."
"Sh‐she\'s not even using "sama" for {f:5:Beatrice}‐sama..."
"Enough.
 Do you know who this person is?
 ......{f:5:Beatrice} was originally this person\'s name.
 I merely inherited that name from her.
 ......This person is my master.
 The Predecessor Lady {f:5:Beatrice}."
"The Predecessor...
...Lady {f:5:Beatrice}......"
Gold butterflies appeared in ones and twos from the garden of roses and began to gather around Kumasawa...
And after becoming a golden radiance and enveloping her, they burst and disappeared—and Kumasawa\'s form was no longer there.
...Instead, there was another Golden Witch, .........the one who had, in the past, explained to {f:5:Beatrice} the path of an Endless Witch,
 the only person {f:5:Beatrice} had called Master in her entire life.
Her hair was long, beautiful, and vividly youthful,
 and her figure in that elegant dress was unrecognizable as an old lady...
No, this looked like a completely different person than Kumasawa.
".........Well, well, Master.
 I never even dreamed the day would come that we would meet each other again."
"Yes, me too.
 ...Certainly, I never even dreamed that my sleep would be disturbed."
"Such a troublesome time for you to awaken.
 ......If you remained sleeping as usual, the first twilight could be finished without much trouble."
"...Or should I welcome you?
 ............I was just a little bored."
"......Just as usual, it seems you are toying with sinless people in a vulgar game.
 ......I believe I have taught you many times that the power of the Endless Witch must not be used to cause people trouble."
"Don\'t say that, Master.
 Isn\'t boredom our natural enemy?
 This is just a little spice to escape from that."
".........Tch.
 The more the corrosion advances, the stronger my power becomes, and the easier it becomes to call my minions.
 ...But who would have thought it would release the seal on you, Master, at the same time..."
"It was because I predicted that,
 that I slept very close to you like this.
 ......As I prayed in my sleep that I would not be woken again.
 ...Being reunited with you like this is a very sad thing for me."
"..................You\'re as cunning as always, Master...
 *cackle*..."
"Ronove.
 Have the furniture children step back.
 Furniture merely serves its master.
 The master is responsible for all of her crimes."
".........Certainly.
 Madam {f:5:Beatrice}."
"I have already surrendered that name to this child.
 ......Come now, step back.
 Furniture girls.
 ......For those who do not listen the first time, I say it a second.
 However, I do not speak it a third..."
"......Step back, Seven Sisters of Purgatory.
 If you get involved, you will be turned to dust..."
"B‐......back, everyone..."
Ronove and the Seven Sisters of Purgatory retreated.
After that, there was the {f:5:Beatrice} whose bold expression didn\'t falter,
 and the master {f:5:Beatrice}, who had given up that name, and wore a composed smile...
"Well then.
 ......Master.
 What tea shall I prepare for our long awaited reunion?"
"Let\'s see.
 This reunion was longer in coming than the visit of a comet.
 I will accept your hospitality.
 .........If there appear to be any issues, then my name and the title of Endless Witch,
 ......I will have them returned, understand?"
"*cackle*cackle*!
 So there\'s even a license renewal policy for the title of Endless Witch?"
"......As you say, Master.
 See how splendid your disciple has become,
 and see how far she has surpassed what you were long ago...!"
It looked like sparks exploded in the air between the two {f:5:Beatrice}s.
Just by glaring at each other, they purged all spirits from that space.
...As they watched, the Seven Sisters shivered.
 ...Because if they had retreated just three steps less than they had, they would already have been turned to dust by now.
"So, come.
 {f:5:Beatrice}.
 ...Surrendering my name to you is the only regret I have in my life.
 I will now correct that error with my own hands!"
"*cackle*cackle*cackle*...
 ...Tut tut tut.
 ......That\'s wrong, Masterrr.
 My only error...
was becoming your disciple to learn this trifling level of power, got thaaaat?"
"You call this magic?
 You call this being an Endless Witch?
 ......The power to notice, that\'s all it waaas!
 And you made suuuch a big deal of it.
 Your time is long past, Masteeeeeeeeeeeeer!!"
".........I,
 ......I, I don\'t have a clue what\'s going on anymore......!
 What in the world is happening right in front of my eyes...!"
"......Poor thing.
 It seems my disciple is causing you trouble.
 I apologize."
"Y‐...you... Who are you?
 Why did Kumasawa baa‐chan turn into an attractive lady like this?!
 I mean, who are you?!
 I don\'t get it?!
 What kind of special effects are these?!
 My head feels like it\'s gonna explode!!"
"I am the witch master of that child.
 My old name was {f:5:Beatrice}.
 When she succeeded me, I gave her that name, so I do not have a name."
"You already said it, but your disciple\'s being a real pain to me!
 Please, take responsibility and do something!
 No, wait!!"
"I don\'t believe in stuff like this!!
 As if witches and magic are real!!
 I won\'t accept this messed‐up battle!
 Damn it all to hell, what am I supposed to believe?!!"
"Hoh‐hoh‐ho...
 Just like you, hospitality with a very quick temper."
"...*cackle*cackle*.
 I\'d expect nothing less from you, Master.
 It looks like this level of magic is so insignificant to you, you can\'t even be bothered to open your eyes...!"
"Looks like it\'ll be impossible unless I\'m prepared to wreck the whole island, riiiiiight?
 Come, arise, Shoulder War Towers!!"
In response to {f:5:Beatrice}\'s summons, a terrific earth tremor split the rose garden.
And on either side of her shoulders, two massive War Towers sprouted and stabbed into the heavens.
 They stretched 100 merute tall, and each one had over 360 ports.
They were War Towers of the gods\' army corps, which had not allowed the heroes of antiquity to invade their precincts, even as they banded together.
As {f:5:Beatrice} elegantly floated in the gap between the massive two‐headed towers, she looked down on her master, sneering with an absolute superiority.
With the two massive towers lined up behind her shoulders, the witch looked very small,
 like a butterfly dancing between large trees.
"Hihhyahhyahhyaaaaaa!!
 Don\'t think you can dodge it by turning into butterflies, alright?
 The density of the twin towers\' barrage wouldn\'t just make you a pinned bug collection, it\'d make you a madly stabbed pincushion, get it...?"
The towers\' more than 720 ports opened, and godly soldiers readied their multi‐shot ballistas.
"Does that conclude your turn?"
"Heh, those are your last words?!!
 OPEN FIIIIIIIIIIIIRE!!!"
Ballista shots numbering easily over a thousand were all fired at once, drawing a beautiful geometric curtain of death.
The boorish sound performed by those bowstrings was probably even deeper than the sound of Death swinging his scythe.
"Come, arise, Fallen Tower.
 Split the single language, and make known the sin."
The sky was stained an incandescent red, and from between the clouds, a blazing, massive tower fell upside down.
That massive falling tower and its rubble...
swallowed the thousands of ballista shots, so that not one of them could approach the body of the witch who had summoned it.
Yes, none can approach the mysteries of heaven.
That was the truth of the Fallen Tower.
"As I would expect from you, Master!
 If you do something, you always do it big!!
 Kuhhuhuhuhuhyahyahya!!"
"My turn isn\'t over.
 Come, arise, Sons of Ivaldi.
 Bestow upon me a worthy spear!"
As the massive crimson tower that had fallen made a mighty gold‐colored explosion,
 from inside those flames, a spear showed itself, of such massive proportions that you had to look up to see all of it, much like a tower.
...It was too large for even a giant\'s hand.
It was a divinely beautiful spear of the gods, so massive that it gave the illusion that the tower which had fallen had turned into a spear of the same size.
 A spear of certain victory that no one could escape.
"It looks like your twin towers are useless.
 How foolish that you blocked off your means of escape on both sides.
 You can\'t defend against even a single spear!"
When she snapped her fingers in command,
 the massive tower‐like spear shot at {f:5:Beatrice} like a lightning bolt.
As the Golden Witch danced in the gap between the towers like a butterfly,
 it sliced straight through the air like a flash of lightning,
 aiming right for the very middle of the absolute center of her heart, with the most ultimate and extreme precision.
"Hah!!
 So, you use Gungnir in a place like this!!
 You really are incredible, Masteeeerrrrr!!"
"Explode, useless towers!
 Arise, Giant Soldier Battle Line.
 Fully block that divine spear with your shields and chests!!"
The Shoulder War Towers exploded in gold.
They became several billion gold butterflies.
Those butterflies took the shape of seven massive armored soldiers.
Each stretched a full 50 merute into the sky,
 and they lined up in front of {f:5:Beatrice}, protecting their master and holding massive shields which towered like windmills.
Their massive size was evocative of a mountain range.
 The witch hiding behind them was like a small moon hiding behind the mountains.
Once in the past, when the massive shields these giants held had been readied by the whole giants\' regiment,
 they had protected King Wilhelm\'s castle not only from arrows, but from the wind and the rain,
 and when they had faced upwards and held their shields to the heavens, not a single raindrop had gotten through.
"Foolish.
 How pitiful is the witch who has forgotten her respect for the divine.
 Did you think that giants could defend against a spear of the gods?!"
"......Indeed.
 No matter how much human metal you are armed with, you cannot block a spear of the gods.
 A wonderful epaulette mate by Madam."
"No way?!
 {f:5:Beatrice}‐sama!!"
"Of course I haven\'t forgotten, Master!
 Come, arise, Hephaestus and his disciples.
 Bestow upon me a worthy shieeeld!!"
A golden whirlwind arose at the feet of the Giant Soldiers.
It was a group of countless butterflies.
...They attached themselves to the massive shields like gold leaf, sparkling like they were a gold mirror.
That was the absolute defensive wall that the King of the Gods gave to the goddess.
The Aegis Shield.
When the holy spear, which left a dignified tail behind it like a comet, crashed into the mountain range of that gold shield,
 there was a terrible thunderous roar.
 It was the creaking of the pillars that held up the heavens.
The Divine Spear spun around and around, sent flying in the direction the sun sets.
"Impossible...
 Sh‐she defended against the Divine Spear...!!"
"No, that is not correct.
 The holy spear avoided the impact.
 It is the law of the gods that an absolute spear and an absolute shield must not fight each other.
 Although in the end, it means the same thing as defending against it."
"..................Churlish fighting appears to be the only area in which your skills have improved."
"Or rather, it seems that you are still as bad as ever at this kind of game, Master.
 It\'s my turn to strike back.
 I shall follow the code and counter a spear with a spear."
The Giant Soldier Battle Line, which had fully blocked the Divine Spear, released their holy gold shields.
The shields fell to the earth, making the ground shake.
And then another gold whirlwind arose,
 and the seven gold shields changed their form into seven massive spears of lightning lying on the ground.
In unison, each of the giants lifted a leg high, and firmly stomped on the tips of the handles.
As the earth shook with a thunderous sound, the seven lightning spears spun beautifully and flew up above the Giant Soldiers\' heads.
...They covered everywhere in a spray of gold as they began to fall before the giants.
Each of the giants squared off, and with the force of their whole body, they kicked and smashed them into pieces.
Those broken pieces numbered exactly 30 each, and became lightning spears of exactly the same size as the original,
 which made 210 for all 7 of them; and all of those burst at once,
 each splitting into 30 thorns, so that there were 6,300.
They became a thundercloud barrage, drawing out a beautiful geometric pattern,
 and then each of those changed into three bolts of lightning, so that 18,900 thunderbolts shot at the Predecessor {f:5:Beatrice}.
"It\'s oveeeeer!!
 {f:5:Beatrice}‐samaaa!!"
"I would expect nothing less.
 ......From Madam."
Certainly, a bundle of almost 20,000 thunderbolts should have reduced the master\'s body to dust.
 But there was no impact.
{f:5:Beatrice} knew immediately that she had been fooled.
At that moment, from the direction the sun was supposed to set, she felt an impossible ray of sunlight.
A brilliant ray of light shone on her profile.
It was the figure of the master, holding aloft the spear of the gods that had supposedly been repelled a short while ago.
...She bore a brilliant radiance like the sun on her back, and made it shine on the incarnation of darkness.
...{f:5:Beatrice}, watching from there,
 was trapped like a mouse in a cage, cornered in a dead‐end formed by the Giant Soldier Battle Line.
By now, the Predecessor {f:5:Beatrice} had seized a position directly alongside the Giant Soldier Battle Line.
"Now we are done playing, {f:5:Beatrice}...!"
".........H‐have I...
exposed my flaaaaank......?!"
Her bold expression hadn\'t faltered once before now, but now it twisted for the first time.
And faster than {f:5:Beatrice} could click her tongue, the Predecessor {f:5:Beatrice} released the holy spear.
In mid‐air, it sprung up into the air once more, and changed its form once again.
"Come, arise, Dvergar brothers.
 Bestow upon me the giant‐smashing Iron Hammer of Heaven!"
"Giant Soldiers, protect me!!!
 What are you doing, you slowpokes!!!"
By now it was no longer a spear, but the whirlwind of a massive hammer that raised a sound like a windstorm as it flew through the air.
It was the legendary hammer that had shaken the King of the Frost Giants.
So the Giant Soldiers couldn\'t escape from that fear.
So no matter how much their master ordered them, they couldn\'t block the path of that hammer.
"Back rank mate!
 Rest in peace."
"...Damn iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit.........!!!"
Before the whirlwind of this massive chunk of metal, {f:5:Beatrice} was nothing more than a mere speck.
The instant the whirlwind started to suck {f:5:Beatrice} in, {f:5:Beatrice}\'s form turned into a massive War Tower.
The Iron Hammer smashed the War Tower, scattered tremendous amounts of rubble, but it did not reach she who had escaped behind it.
Furthermore, when the smoke started to settle, the War Tower had sucked in the massive Iron Hammer without crumbling, and blocked the way.
Even the giant‐smashing Iron Hammer couldn\'t break through the final tower protecting the witch.
However, this War Tower was in fact the witch\'s last trump card.
It was a War Tower for dodging that could only save her from danger once.
But this tower was impregnable.
 No weapon could break through it.
Just then, the moon disappeared.
 As {f:5:Beatrice} hid in the shadows of the Giant Soldier Battle Line and the War Tower, she looked up at the sky.
When she did, inside the moon was the figure of a massive horse ridden by the god of war and death.
The Predecessor {f:5:Beatrice} rode the horse with him.
His cloak had blocked the moon and swallowed it in an eerie shadow.
And the spear of the gods was in his hand once more...
It was, in other words, a godly knight who had jumped over the ramparts formed by the Giant Soldiers and the War Tower, attacking from the heavens.
"......*cackle*...
 You got meee..."
"Smothered mate.
 It was fun, {f:5:Beatrice}!"
"Uuuooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!"
The struggle to the death between the two witches with the same name...was resolved.
The spear that had been launched from the heavens pierced the ground.
The Giant Soldier Battle Line and the War Tower split up into countless gold butterflies, shrouding the area in a golden storm.
Then, the sound of thunder.
 ......And the sound of the falling rain and wind.
Suddenly, that place was the empty rose garden once more.
...The butler and the rest were watching the two witches confronting each other.
.........But only {f:5:Beatrice} was different.
She had been pierced straight through by the spear, from the base of her neck and her right shoulder, to her left buttock,
 unable to even reach the ground with her feet,
 ...horribly exposed like a pitiful pinned butterfly, tormented by the wind and rain...
".........B‐{f:5:Beatrice}‐sama..."
".....................
 Truly...
she is a fearsome person."
"It is decided.
 {f:5:Beatrice}."
"......Ku,
 ......hihihihi,
 ......ouch...h..."
{f:5:Beatrice} wore a bitter smile of false courage,
 but a strand of blood dangled from her mouth, making her look even more pitiful.
"The title and power of the Endless Witch.
 You will now return them to me along with the name {f:5:Beatrice}.
 ...You are too immature to be called the Endless Witch."
"............Stop...
 Forgive me, Master...
 I was just fooling around, okay......?"
"I will take my name back from you.
 I will return you to your original form.
 Relinquish this power which is beyond you, and live a life suitable for yourself."
".........Come, try to remember.
 What form did you have?"
The Predecessor {f:5:Beatrice} began to recite the words of power.
When she did, small gold butterflies gathered around the skewered {f:5:Beatrice}, and began to swarm about her.
Like butterflies sucking the nectar out of flowers...
...they began to suck the magical power out of {f:5:Beatrice}.
And it seemed that it caused her intense pain.
A cry of agony escaped from {f:5:Beatrice}\'s mouth.
She no longer had any power to resist it...
"Come, try closing your eyes.
 Try to remember.
 What form did you have?"
".........Come, {f:5:Beatrice}?
 Repeat it with me.
 Let us chant together.
 Then it will be over in no time.
 Let us end your pain as fast as possible."
"...Kuhihihi,
 ......ha,
 ...haha...
 ......You\'re right...
 How long has it been...
......since I chanted with you, Master......"
"Now, together.
 .........Come, try to remember.
 What form did you have?"
"......Come, try to remember.
 What form did you have...?"
When the two of them began to recite the same chant,
 more and more gold butterflies danced around, swarming around {f:5:Beatrice}...
".........It\'s alright, Milady.
 You will lose the fact that you are my disciple,
 but that will not change the fact that you are the lady I serve."
"...After that, I shall read a book for you again.
 I shall bake you apple pies again.
 Just like it was long ago.
 ......Come, try to remember."
"......Hahahahahaha...
 Yes, try to remember.
 ...Are you finally starting to remember...?
 ............Well, Master.
 Did you remember...
...that thing behind yooou...?"
"...What is this...?
 .................................This is..."
When the Predecessor {f:5:Beatrice} looked behind her,
 ............there was a creepy hedgehog crouching there.
No.
 ...It was...
...herself.
There was another Predecessor {f:5:Beatrice}, whose whole body was packed with ballista shots,
 ......lying there like a pincushion doll...
"......Come, try to remember.
 What form did you have?
 ......No, I suppose that\'s wrong."
"......Come, try to remember.
 How were you killed?
 ......Kuhihihii, kuhyahhyahhyahhaaaaaaahh!!"
The Predecessor {f:5:Beatrice} was shocked.
...Instantly, her form began to grow faint...
"This......
 ......When...did you............"
"In the beginning, I did not summon Shoulder Towers.
 They were Quadruplet Towers.
 Master, you nonchalantly stepped across the Seventh Rank Rook boundary of death created by the two hidden towers,
 which were lurking in the distance on either side of you."
"......It was bad manners for me to say "check" so late.
 Let me openly apologize.
 ...*cackle*cackle*cackle*!"
The battle had been decided at the very beginning.
 It had been over since the time the Predecessor had leaned forward, readying her holy spear to attack {f:5:Beatrice}, who had been wedged between her Shoulder Towers.
...The hidden towers lurking on either side had bathed her in a windstorm of ballista shots from 720 ports on both sides,
 pinning and killing her.
However, {f:5:Beatrice} hadn\'t wanted it to be resolved with that.
She had wanted to make her master take her next move, and had continued acting as though the game was still on.
She had immediately revived her with the Endless power,
 ...and had made her continue the game as though nothing had happened...
Then the Predecessor slowly remembered that she had already been killed,
 ......and began to completely erase her form.
When she did, the spear which had pierced {f:5:Beatrice} also erased itself.
{f:5:Beatrice} finally fell and landed on her feet.
...There wasn\'t even a trace of a scar.
".........It was fun,
 Master.
 If you want to play again, I\'ll revive you any time.
 And once we\'ve had some fun, I\'ll make you remember that you were a corpse again."
"Okay?
 I\'m fully obeying what you taught me, you know...?
 Didn\'t you say to always put a toy back in its box when you are done playing with it?
 *cackle*cackle*, hahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!"
"......Was it...an easy victory?"
"You fool, it was a difficult victory!!
 ............If I hadn\'t tricked her with the Quadruplet Towers, I would have been the one to die!
 ......As I would expect from my master.
 .........But now I may feel proud."
"...Now, I have completely surpassed my master.
 Ronove.
 Make Master\'s remains a little better.
 ......I haven\'t lost my respect for her that much."
"Certainly.
 Tonight\'s first twilight became a little too riotous.
 It will require some cleaning up.
 It shall be handled immediately.
 Goats, it is time to clean up."
When Ronove snapped his fingers, blazing, sparkling eyes began to blink open in the shadows and darkness,
 becoming goat‐headed attendants, which appeared one after another, slowly out of the black.
One by one, they lined up behind Ronove\'s back, wordlessly standing at attention.
"What shall be done about the six bodies this time?
 Another locked‐room format?"
"......I am not in a mood to think now.
 I will leave it to you.
 ...An extraordinary locked room to torment Battler, if you would."
"Certainly.
 It shall be extraordinary."
"*cackle*cackle*cackle*, hahhhahahahahahahahaha...!!
 Allllright, where is Battler?
 Battleeeeer, did you watch my big momeeeeeeeeent??"
".........Damn iiiiiiiiit...
 After being shown that screwed up magical storm, what can I deny?!"
"Do witches exist, I ask?!
 After all those kabooms and kabangs,
 after being shown all that tremendous fantasy, what can I deny now?!!
 I don\'t get it anymore!
 It was like that last time too, but how can I deny that awesome, wonderful magical battle?!"
"I knoo~w, rii~ght?!
 After watching this, you can\'t talk your way out of it anymore, caaaan youuuuu???
 Alright, Battler, let me hear some ridiculous reasoning, kuhhihhyahhyahhya!
 Uhhiehhiehhyaaahhh!!"
"Milady, your laugh is undignified."
"Oh, my apologies.
 But I am not to blame."
"After all, when Battler tightly closes his eyes, grinds his teeth and shows me that ever‐so‐bitter expression,
 it just automatically slips out of my mouth, you seeee...
 Kuhhihihhyahhyahaah!!"
"Come, Battler‐sama.
 Why don\'t you return to the table without losing heart?
 Milady is expecting your counterattack, you see...?"
"Fuck you!!
 How the hell can I make a counterargument?!"
"In the first place, this has all been fucked up since about the time that the tower sprouted up out of the earth!!
 Should I say that, actually, underground on Rokkenjima, there\'s a secret laboratory for massive transforming combining robots or something,
 and that by pushing a button, a strange tower sprouts up?!"
"Right, and then those huge giants must be robots,
 or maybe an evil secret association\'s mecha‐monsters?!"
"It makes no goddamn sense!!
 Don\'t talk to meeeeeeeeeee, uuoooooooooooooooooohhh!!!"
"C\'mon c\'mon c\'mon c\'mon, don\'t cry, alright??
 Kaboom, kabang, it\'s magic!!"
"If you want, I\'ll crush the moon and make comets fall like rain!
 I can even bury the whole island in those bouncy‐chested babes you like so much, seeeeeeeeee??
 Hihhihhihhihhi!!"
"Come come, look look look, my turn is over, seeeeeeeeee?!
 Show me your response, counterattack!!
 You can\'t, can yoooooouuu?
 I\'m a quadrillion percent sure that you can\'t!!
 You\'re useless against this, riiiiiiiiiight?
 You actually like this kind of fantasy, don\'t yooooouuu??"
"I know all about it, this kind of stuff\'s been going around everywhere lately hasn\'t it?!
 In manga and light novels, in anime and movies!
 Some teenage brat has a whole bunch of some strange special abilities, and there\'s all these kabooms and badooms with the fate of the world at risk!"
"You looove that too, don\'t you?!
 I know, don\'t hide it, you love it, right, hiihyahhyahhyah!!
 That thing that you love just displayed itself a little before your eyes, that\'s all, riiiiight?"
"Why do you believe it in manga and anime, but you won\'t believe in meeeeeeeeee??
 Believe, believe, believe it!
 You can\'t argue back, not after you\'ve been shown something like this, riiiiiiiiiiiiight?"
"C\'mon c\'mon c\'mon c\'mon, answer me,
 you don\'t need to think, you can just obediently say "I\'m sorry, {f:5:Beatrice}‐sama"!"
"Come on come on try saying it, "I\'m sorry, {f:5:Beatrice}‐sama", try saying it, say it say it, don\'t be embarrassed,
 kukikikikakkakakahhyahhyaaaahhahhahhahahhhahahhyaaahh!!"
