......The adults\' motivations aside...
{n}At least for us kids,
 these were supposed to be a fun couple of days where we cousins deepened our friendship.
However, when we woke up, there was an unbelievably cruel reality waiting for us...
"............hic, ......hic......!"
"................................."
George‐aniki and Jessica were crying over Shannon‐chan and Kanon‐kun\'s deaths.
......Right now, everyone who was alive was gathered in the lobby on the first floor of the guesthouse.
 And there were 12 of us.
...Unbelievable, right?
{n}There were 18 up until yesterday.
{n}...And in one night, a third of that number had lost their lives...
My agitation had finally settled down, and, along with my lack of sleep from being woken up so early in the morning,
 I was beginning to feel like this was just a little unreal.
......I want to think this is some kind of bad dream...
 My cheap escapism kept telling me that was true, over and over.
Maria had gone back to sleep in the sofa Auntie Rosa was sitting in.
...Rather than her having nerves of steel, she probably genuinely hadn\'t had enough sleep.
The adults were grasping members of Grandfather\'s collection...
of short‐barrel rifles.
...Apparently a remnant from the period when he was obsessed by westerns, there were four identical guns altogether.
Those had been split up between the four siblings: Uncle Krauss, Auntie Eva, my dad, and Auntie Rosa.
Paper boxes filled with bullets lay on the table, and the siblings were silently loading their guns.
".........It\'s a little scary.
 Even as I stand here touching this,
 I get the feeling Dad\'s about to yell "Don\'t touch that!" and hit me."
"Then aren\'t you lucky.
 ...No matter how much you touch it, you won\'t be hit again."
"............I can\'t believe it.
 ...That Father...
.........would meet this kind of end..."
"I did think that when it came to Kinzo‐san, he would probably not die normally in his bed,
 ......but even so, ......it is too horrible..."
"Hey.
 I wonder if that really is Father...?
 I\'m suspecting that it might be a different person\'s corpse as a substitute to trick us..."
"......No, without a doubt, that is Father.
 You saw his toes, right?
 In general society, there aren\'t many humans with six toes on both feet."
"But, ............we can\'t say that there are none.
 I\'ve heard that polydactyly isn\'t a rare disease.
 He was a man who liked big tricks, right?
 ......He might have prepared a body from somewhere that had the same number of toes on both feet."
"Preposterous.
 What would possess him to do something like that...?!"
"......I\'d agree if it was a normal person.
 ...But this is Father we\'re talkin\' about.
 You can\'t say for sure that what Kyrie‐san says is nonsense."
"............They say it\'s difficult to confirm the identity of a burnt corpse.
 However, there should be various ways to examine him from his teeth and his bone structure.
 If the police investigated, they\'d be bound to know whose body it was in an instant."
"The problem is that before the police, we need a telephone engineer."
"......The boat probably won\'t come in this typhoon.
 ...So, will it come tomorrow?"
"I expect that the boat will come again at nine o\'clock tomorrow.
 Then, I believe we will be able to contact the police."
"......Both us,
 and the culprit...
have been imprisoned on this island, then, until the typhoon passes."
.........Just from our parents\' conversation, you could probably figure out the general gist, but let\'s explain the situation anyway.
First, early that morning.
In various places throughout the mansion, a total of six corpses, of Grandfather and all the servants, had been found one after another.
First, Grandfather had been fed to the flames in the boiler room, and was completely burnt.
The servants were found dead, each locked in one of the various rooms throughout the mansion onto which magic circles had been drawn.
The cause of death for the servants was uncertain,
 but according to Doctor Nanjo\'s diagnosis, there was a high likelihood that they had been stabbed by something like a spear,
 ......or possibly shot by a gun.
That was why the adults had started arming themselves with the rifles.
And what made the situation even more chaotic was that the telephone lines were out of order.
 It was unknown whether lightning had caused them to break down or whether the culprit had destroyed them.
In any case, contact with the outside was broken off, and we couldn\'t contact the police.
So until tomorrow morning, when the typhoon would pass and the boat would come,
 we would have to protect ourselves.
After all, Rokkenjima was now isolated by the typhoon.
 And just like how we were stuck on the island, so was the culprit.
It seemed that the adults had stayed up the whole night, spending the whole time holding the family conference in the mansion\'s dining hall.
 And even so, this crime had occurred in the mansion.
......So right when the adults had been getting worked into a frenzy over money,
 the murderer had been killing under the same roof...
Aunt Natsuhi said that they were strict on locking the doors and windows at night.
{n}And yet, some suspicious person had entered the mansion.
...The adults had decided that the inside of the mansion was too large to be safe,
 so they had pulled out the guns and moved to the guesthouse, where we had been.
.........Which brings us to the present.
George‐aniki and us others begged to see Shannon‐chan\'s body,
 but the adults refused point blank, saying that we must not until the police arrive.
That wasn\'t just because they had sealed all the rooms to preserve the scene.
...After all, the culprit who had killed six people had wandered about that mansion.
To the Ushiromiya family right now, the mansion which should have been their home...
was like a danger zone that an unknown murderer had entered...
It makes sense, I mean, the mansion is vast.
 There are plenty of blind spots and dark places, and it\'s just too vast to guarantee absolute safety with this number of people.
In contrast, the guesthouse is a much smaller building than the mansion.
Two stories tall.
 Number of rooms...about ten?
{n}......Apparently, it had originally been constructed to serve as a boarding house for when the island was to be turned into a resort.
So it\'s easy to grasp the entire structure, and easy to guarantee safety.
{n}That makes it a good place to hole up in.
......And.
 There\'s an extremely high likelihood that this mass murder of six people is a "game".
Because the culprit had proclaimed that in a letter.
I heard that a Western‐style envelope with the family crest, just like the one Maria claimed to have received from {f:5:Beatrice} yesterday,
 had been found in the boiler room where Grandfather\'s corpse had been discovered.
This was what the letter said:
{e:070:So that there will be no misunderstandings.
{n}The game I seek is whether or not you can solve the riddle of the epitaph,
 not whether or not you can catch me.
{n}{n}If you do not solve the riddle of the epitaph, the pitiful sacrifices will further increase in number.
{n}It would be more wise to spend your time solving the epitaph than searching for me.
{n}{n}If no one can solve the riddle of the epitaph, no one will survive.}
{e:070:If a person appears with skill enough to solve the riddle of the epitaph, I will give them all the gold of the Golden Land,
 the Ushiromiya family headship, and all of my power.
{n}{n}I was the one who succeeded the Ushiromiya family headship from Kinzo‐sama.
{n}And I look forward to seeing who will receive the headship from me.
{n}{n}{nobreak:{m:-3:—}—}{f:5:Beatrice} the Golden.}
...This riddle of the epitaph was...that thing.
That strange epitaph written in the same place as the portrait of the witch, displayed in the hall of the mansion.
Grandfather was the one who ordered that it be written,
 and the person who solved it would, supposedly, be given the family headship or the hidden gold or something like that.
Ever since it was first displayed there several years ago, all the relatives, despite making fun of it in the open,
 had been secretly been challenging that riddle in private.
However, up until today, no one had solved it.
 We had once again been told to solve that unintelligible riddle, and this time, we had been threatened that if we didn\'t solve it, we would all be killed.
......If this wasn\'t a "game", what would you call it...
The bold opinion that we should search the premises for the culprit did come up once.
However, there was a good chance they were armed, and there wasn\'t necessarily only one of them.
And, ...while they might have been able to kill more than six people, they had {i:stopped at six}.
In the end, the opinion that we should avoid carelessly antagonizing the culprit,
 and hole up in a safe place while we waited for the police to arrive, won out...
After the adults had carefully checked that the doors and windows in the guesthouse were locked, they set up camp in the lobby.
And as they fingered their guns to distract themselves from the tension,
 their expressions showed that they were already fatigued from this long day, which had still barely begun...
There was nothing that I could do.
Now, all I could do was be taught how to use a gun,
 to prepare for the off‐chance that...something would happen which {i:led to an excess of guns}......
......That\'s the way.
 Just obediently stay there, {i:me and the rest of you}.
"...............Six people in the beginning again.
 And this time it\'s Grandfather and all of the servants put together."
"Most likely,
 that child has carefully studied your moves from the last game.
 And she placed the highest priority upon taking the pieces which she guessed you were most likely to first suspect."
"......That makes sense.
 ...Both last time, and the time before that,
 the servants who know everything about the mansion and who walk around with master keys were always highest on the list of suspicious people."
"......A good example in the last game is Jessica\'s locked room.
 If I had only accepted that a servant was the culprit, that wouldn\'t even have been a locked room."
"Therefore,
 ......that child went straight for them.
 She probably immediately went to block the way of escape that you would ultimately retreat into."
"Beato already proclaimed in red that there are no more than 18 people on this island.
 ...So basically,
 .........{i:she\'s saying "give it up"}.
 ......Now I have to suspect one of the 18."
"......That child will probably come at you by stealing the pieces for the 18, and descending as a 19th person who shouldn\'t exist,
 thereby making you accept that she is a witch."
"......That is because now that her intimidation strategy of trying to force you to submit by showing you magic has failed,
 she can only make a frontal attack."
"......Perfect.
 Bluffing won\'t work anymore."
"Be careful.
 Deception is a witch\'s strongest point.
 ...No matter what that child says or shows you,
 it definitely won\'t threaten the truth that you believe in.
 Don\'t forget that."
".........Sure.
 I\'ll be damned if the same moves are going to work on me over and over.
 .........Get out here, {f:5:Beatrice}.
 Let\'s get started!!!"
"I am already seated at the match table.
 My turn, too, is already complete."
"......Imagine that Madam would turn out to be our enemy.
 How unfortunate, Milady.
 ...Our moves will be read thoroughly."
"That is no problem.
 Master\'s moves are all outdated classics.
 There is nothing to fear."
"...What moves can you make beyond the classics I taught you?
 I am looking forward to seeing, {f:5:Beatrice}."
"......*cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*.
 Is that alright, Battleerr?
 If a person who denies witches such as yourself accepts a witch as a strategist..."
"That stupid provocation is useless.
 This person is my advisor, no, my second.
 That doesn\'t change one bit that this is a fistfight between you and me."
"I understand.
 ......You\'re so wobbly that you probably need training wheels on your bicycle.
 Do as you like.
 Come, begin!!
 It is your turn!"
"Let\'s begin with the reconstruction of the crime scene.
 ......{f:5:Virgilia}, if you please!"
"The first body discovered was Shannon\'s.
 She was found in the parlor on the first floor of the mansion.
 The door and windows were locked, and a locked room was established."
"......Clarification request for Beato.
 Reconfirm the definition of a locked room."
"Mmhm.
 The term "locked room" refers to a room where the inside and the outside of the room are completely isolated from all travel between them.
 Of course, no form of intrusion or escape, nor even any interference is possible.
 That is comprehensive, including a denial of hidden doors, as well as all margin for interference from the outside."
"......Henceforth, this definition will be referred to as:
 "{f:5:Beatrice}\'s locked‐room definition"!"
"Confirming specifics.
 ......Define "margin for interference from the outside"."
"It refers to all types of direct interference from the outside, such as using a fishing line or a long, thin rod.
 In other words, you are to conclude that there is not even any gap in the doors or windows by which to use such tricks."
"I wonder about that?
 Even if there wasn\'t a gap, you should be able to interfere with radio waves, like with a remote control, right?"
"Very well.
 I add to this definition that it is impossible for radio waves and related methods of remote control to interfere."
"There\'s also an extension telephone in the parlor.
 A device linked with that wouldn\'t count as remote control, right?!"
"The phones are already out of order, damn you.
 ...Ugh, this is a pain.
 I\'ll include that too.
 All direct and indirect methods of interfering from the outside of the room to the inside of the locked room are impossible."
"What about a voice or a knock?
 Those should be able to interfere from the outside without entering the room, right?"
".........Even though it is a locked room, it probably isn\'t impossible for someone to knock or call out.
 Whether the room allows for human communication with the outside or not, it does not go against the definition of a locked room."
"In other words, you can\'t define it so that even methods of communication are interrupted?"
"That is the case."
"Understood.
 .........So, Shannon‐chan\'s parlor satisfies "{f:5:Beatrice}\'s locked‐room definition"?"
"That is correct."
".........Locked‐room definition understood.
 Continue, {f:5:Virgilia}."
"Yes."
".........Shannon\'s body was in possession of one master key.
 The relatives who discovered her collected this."
"Repetition request for Beato.
 How many master keys this time?"
"...Hmph. The same as last time.
 {p:1:There are five, one for each servant}."
"Which means this still isn\'t a locked room.
 There are still four master keys left.
 It just means that after Shannon‐chan was murdered, one of the other four keys locked it."
"That is correct.
 .........And, it wasn\'t only a master key that was found."
"Yes."
"......Alongside the body, there was a Western envelope with the family crest.
 Instead of a letter, the key to the second‐floor guest room was inside it."
"......The key to the second‐floor guest room...
 Am I fine to define that as the only key other than the master keys that can open the door to the second‐floor guest room?"
"Indeed. There is no problem.
 And, unlike the master keys, there is only one."
"In other words, in order to unlock a specific room, in addition to the five master keys,
 there is only one other key."
"......In other words, this is a message telling them to go to the second‐floor guest room next?
 So the adults moved to the second‐floor guest room?"
"Yes."
"The door to the second‐floor guest room was also locked, and a magic circle was drawn on it.
 ......The relatives unlocked it with the key they had found near Shannon\'s body."
"Inside the room, Kumasawa\'s body was discovered.
 The room was a locked room.
 That definition is based upon "{f:5:Beatrice}\'s locked‐room definition"."
".........Kumasawa was in possession of one master key.
 The relatives collected this."
"And like Shannon, there was a Western envelope discovered alongside her.
 Inside was the key to the third‐floor servants\' quarters.
 The relatives moved to the third‐floor servants\' quarters."
"And there was a magic circle on the door to the third‐floor servants\' quarters, and that door was locked?"
"Yes."
"Inside the room, Gohda\'s body was discovered.
 The room was a locked room.
 Based on "{f:5:Beatrice}\'s locked‐room definition"."
"Gohda was in possession of one master key.
 The relatives collected this."
"And just as before, a Western envelope with a family seal was discovered.
 Inside was the key to the second‐floor VIP room.
 The relatives moved to the second‐floor VIP room."
".........What is all of this...?
 What the hell are you planning...?"
"*cackle*cackle*.
 It isn\'t something worth glaring at me over, is it?
 It is a locked room, but there are still several master keys that can open it, correct?
 And I have even been dutiful enough to present you with the keys particular to each room in addition to the master keys."
"......I don\'t like how this is going.
 ......But I\'m starting to see how things will turn out.
 So it continues like this for all six people?"
"Yes, that is correct.
 Inside the second‐floor VIP room, Genji\'s body was discovered."
"One master key was collected.
 The key to the underground boiler room was discovered."
"They moved to the underground boiler room.
 Inside the underground boiler room, Kinzo\'s body was discovered."
"The key to the chapel was discovered."
"They moved to the chapel."
"Inside the chapel, Kanon\'s body was discovered.
 One master key was collected.
 The key to the first‐floor parlor was discovered.
 ......With this, our reconstruction of how all six bodies were discovered is complete."
"A supplement.
 Along with the key to the chapel, a letter was enclosed in the Western envelope found near Kinzo\'s body.
 The contents of the letter were as you saw.
 It further urged the relatives to solve the epitaph\'s riddle."
".........In that case...
 ...What\'s going on?
 If the last place, where Kanon‐kun was, had the key to the very first room, the parlor, where Shannon‐chan was...
 That makes six locked rooms, all tied together, right?"
"That is correct!
 The six locked rooms are all tied together.
 The keys to unlock each are all shut up inside the next room."
"In other words, the six locked rooms form one massive locked room,
 and all of the master keys as well as the individual room keys are shut up inside it...!"
"
{p:1:Furthermore, all of the doors and windows in the six rooms are normal}.
 {p:1:No device exists which can lock them without a key, such as an auto‐lock}.
 *cackle*cackle*, what do you think, it\'s beautiful, isn\'t iiiiiiiiiiiit??? Uhhyahhyahhyaaahh!"
"As I said, Milady, that is not dignified."
When Ronove rebuked her, Beato stuck her tongue at him shamelessly.
"Uhihihi, sorry, sorry.
 I just get in such a good mood playing with Battler."
"*cackle*, so, Battlerr?
 What is your move going to be?
 If you can\'t think of anything in particular, I can show you how I made the goats carry the bodies,
 and sealed all of the rooms with magic, if you waaaaant?"
"Do what you want.
 I\'ll listen respectfully to this "magic theory" that you assert.
 However, I can assert my "human theory", which is completely different from your claim,
 without any interference from your claim whatsoever."
"So, in other words!
 There\'s no need for me to listen to your bullshit!!
 Go wave your magic staff or whatever as much as you like and act out how you lock the door with your seven‐colored magic.
 And before long, I\'m sure there\'ll be people along to stand beside you, advertising their snake oil and all‐purpose kitchen knives!"
"{f:5:Virgilia}, reconstruct the crime scene!
 I\'ll search for a weakness!!
 Were they all definitely dead?
 If one of them is just playing dead, this isn\'t a locked room at all!"
"Nanjo checked that all of them were dead.
 However, due to the "Devil\'s Proof", it is impossible to deny the possibility of a wrong diagnosis.
 ......In other words, she cannot make the likelihood that Nanjo overlooked the fact that they were alive equal to zero."
"Here it is, that "Devil\'s Proof".
 But there exists a sword which can carve that up...!"
"Wh‐what are those people doing?
 ......Looks like they\'re having a good time leaving me out of the discussion.
 I am their opponent, right...?
 They could pay attention to me at least a little..."
"By nature, communication with the opponent is not necessary in order to compete in chess."
"......You spoke in riddles when you communicated outside your moves, Milady.
 ...Perhaps it has come to this because he does not want to be led astray."
"...............muu.
 ......For some reason, I can\'t accept it."
"You are challenging him to a chess match, are you not, Milady?"
"That\'s true, but...
...muu!"
{f:5:Beatrice} puffed out her cheeks, as though saying "I don\'t know why, but I don\'t like it!"
"Because the police have not yet arrived at the scene, the human side\'s ability to prove things is limited.
 For a strict confirmation of death, I recommend a repetition request."
"Alright, that\'s where I\'ll strike, repetition requested!!"
"‘The six victims are all dead’!!"
"......Milady, you have a repetition request waiting, you know?"
"Hey, enough lazing around!!
 Do you decline the repetition?!
 This is where our battle starts!!"
"Wha?!
 Owowowowoow!!
 *cackle*cackle*, sorry, sorry, that\'s fine, I\'ll respond."
"
{p:1:Kinzo, Genji, Shannon, Kanon, Gohda, and Kumasawa—these six are all dead}!"
"Why are you so out of it?
 ...Alright.
 So I\'ve drawn one out of you.
 That classic where they\'re pretending to be dead is the first to be denied."
"*cackle*!
 I won\'t go easy on you anymore, come at me how you like.
 I\'ll slice them slantwise one after another!"
"And again, repetition requested!
 No one is hiding in any of the six rooms!
 Show me that you can deny the existence of people we aren\'t aware of!"
"I\'ll respond."
"
{p:1:There is no one hiding in the six rooms}!"
"Alright.
 Now I\'m sure that it\'s only the six of them canned in there.
 And they aren\'t pretending to be dead."
"......What will you do, what will you dooo?
 There\'s already nothing a human could do.
 Obediently kneel and observe as I control the locks at will with my wonderful magic, alriiiiiiight?"
"Quit babbling.
 And another repetition request.
 "The six deaths were instant"!"
"Instant death?
 Hoh, what do you mean by that?"
"......It means there is a possibility that a single victim on the verge of death managed to escape into the room,
 and after locking it from the inside to create a locked room, they passed away."
"...Hm.
 A classic locked‐room murder.
 In the case that the victim is dealt a fatal wound, and is doomed to die at some later time,
 it is possible for the victim to hole up inside a room to escape the murderer,
 and then die after locking it, in which case a locked room could be constructed unexpectedly."
"In order to deny that possibility,
 you will need to proclaim that "the six died instantly" with the red truth."
"*cackle*cackle*!
 Very well, very well, I\'ll slay you with my red treasured sword!"
"
{p:1:The six died instantly}!
 By instant death, I mean that as soon as they were attacked, they became incapable of action."
"Well, death in its full meaning may have taken several seconds or even minutes.
 But in any event, it was completely impossible for them to take any action of their own will.
 In that sense, I can state that they died instantly!"
"...Everything up until now has just been checking for a classic locked room.
 My showdown with you over the locked rooms starts now, alright...?
 If the culprit isn\'t on the inside, they are on the outside.
 So they somehow killed them from outside the rooms."
"*cackle*cackle*!
 Have you lost your mind?
 Isn\'t it true that "a locked room = murder is impossible from the outside"?!
 Therefore, it\'s impossible for it to be anything other than a magical murder!"
"No, that\'s wrong.
 The right thing to say is "a murder really happened = it isn\'t a locked room"!
 No matter how much you speak in riddles, this definitely isn\'t a locked room!
 It\'s a sham that only looks like a locked room!"
"However, Battler‐sama.
 {p:1:Only the victims are inside the rooms,
 and no other people exist inside the rooms.}
 And by Milady\'s locked‐room definition,
 remote murders from outside the room have been clearly denied, have they not?"
"Wait.
 The definition of remote murders is vast, right?
 Sure, there\'s stuff like pulling a fishing line from outside the room and strangling the victim inside the room,
 but that\'s not all there is."
"For example......
a trap would make for an excellent remote murder!"
"A traap?
 Hoh, what is that?!"
"Just as an example, let\'s say they were instructed to enter previously decided rooms,
 and lock the doors from the inside to create a locked room themselves.
 A trap is set up in those rooms that they don\'t know about,
 and they are killed by that.
 ......How\'s that?! Now there is no contradiction!"
"......There is no problem.
 It corresponds to the existing state."
"...There is no problem on our side either.
 It does not conflict with Milady\'s locked‐room definition."
"Kuhhahhahahahahahahahaha?!
 What\'s with that stupid reasoning?!
 Nothing suspicious was found in any of the rooms, you know?"
"What form did that trap have?!
 Where was it hidden and how did it operate?!
 Explain that for all six people, in the parlor, the guest room, the servants\' quarters, the VIP room, the boiler room, and the chapel.
 Well? You can\'t, can you?!?!"
"Decline refutation!!
 There is no need for me to explain that!!
 And even so, it doesn\'t damage my claim!!"
"Wh‐what did you saaaaaaaaayy...?!?!"
"{f:5:Beatrice}, it is a "Devil\'s Proof".
 The fact that he cannot explain the form of the trap...
does not in itself disprove that there was a trap!"
"............Well done.
 While overbearing, a wonderful move."
"...Kh!!!
 This guy is getting completely used to this......!!"
"Check.
 It is possible to establish this locked‐room murder via a murder trap X that they couldn\'t find."
"......I‐I\'ll kill that check with the red truth!!"
"
{p:1:The six were not killed by traps}!"
"The definition of trap?!"
"Oh...
umm...
one of those!
 Something that activates when a victim gets caught in it by their own actions."
"Aaah... That\'s not all!
 Stuff that activates by remote control or by a timer,
 ......everything like that is also included!"
"Pu ku ku...
 All devices that can carry out a murder without the direct participation of the person who set it up.
 I believe that definition may be appropriate."
"H‐how\'s that?!
 I\'ve struck back!!
 As though I could let a human defeat this locked room!!"
"..................
 ............You\'re also frantic, trying to win, huh."
"...Whaat...?!
 What do you mean...?"
"......You\'re also frantically fighting to make me accept that you exist.
 Until now, I thought that I was just being toyed around with one‐sidedly by you."
"...But that was actually wrong.
 You\'re also frantically resisting my comeback, fighting to show that you exist...!
 Now,
 ...I finally really feel that\'s true."
This isn\'t torture inflicted on me about whether I\'ll submit or not.
"This is a fight between you and me on an even footing!!"
"......Alright, it\'s starting to get interesting, isn\'t it?
 Six people died in locked rooms, and no one else was inside.
 And there was no meddling from the outside, and also no traps.
 If I was still how I used to be, I would probably think this had to be the work of magic."
"......And if you had acted out some strange magic right about now, I\'d probably even have surrendered.
 .........It\'s that favorite strategy of yours."
"...You completely intercept all of my moves, and in the moment that I\'ve tried everything and fallen to my knees,
 when my heart\'s defensive power is at its weakest, you show off some strange magic and take the game all at once!!"
".........She has always had a short temper.
 She still has that bad habit of rushing things when victory is in sight."
"Pu ku ku.
 Because Milady cannot stand putting things off."
"Heeey, shut up, shut up!!"
"It is your turn, Battler!
 The "trap piece" that you advanced, I have cut down with red!
 What will you send out next?
 Show me what you\'ve got!!"
"Right!!
 Now that even traps have been defeated, at a glance, this looks like a perfect locked‐room murder.
 ......And that\'s why this is where I\'ll flip over the chessboard!!"
"...Here it is, your special technique!
 What exactly are you going to flip over, and how?!
 Try showing meeeeeeeeeeee!!"
"Yeah, I\'ll show you!!
 It\'s not about thinking how to kill six people inside locked rooms from the outside!"
"Yeah, that\'s no good, no good, no goddamn good at all!
 That\'s right, it\'s not about how to kill from the outside.
 It\'s about how they died inside the room and created a locked room!"
"......That\'s it, this is the answer!!
 If you assume that one of the six victims was the culprit,
 this locked room can be explained extremely easily!"
"Wh‐whaaaaaaat?!
 No way!
 I believe I clearly said in red that the six of them were dead......!!"
"Six people did die.
 Five were victims who were killed.
 If you assume that the other person committed suicide, you can destroy this locked room!!"
"......Certainly.
 If the culprit locked themselves in the final locked room,
 and threw away their own life, this locked‐room chain would be established."
"The culprit\'s suicide.
 ...Normally, it is an unthinkable move,
 but the argument that it doesn\'t exist because it is unthinkable,
 doesn\'t exist.
 ......And he has no responsibility to demonstrate a motive.
 A truly powerful move, which can only be used in a chess match against a witch...!"
"......Well, you cannot say for certain that there is no motive.
 ...For example, Kinzo had been pronounced as having only a short time left to live.
 The motive of using his own death as a message, not being afraid to lose his short remaining life,
 ...may not be impossible to attach."
".........Milady.
 It is our turn."
"H‐...hmm!
 To imagine that you would even trample on the dignity of the dead to create a culprit...!
 What a heartless, cold‐blooded man...!"
"Setting up the dead as the culprit.
 ...This move is worse than inhuman, and it\'s one you used to attack Kanon‐kun in the last game.
 ......I\'m taking a shot back at you with this move,
 as a tribute to Kanon‐kun for that time, even though the games are different."
"Just now, I have freed that Kanon‐kun from his regrets!!"
"Ku......kuuuuuuu......!!"
"You have no duty to hold back here.
 You should check whether suicide was not the cause of death for any of them.
 I recommend requesting a repetition."
"Right!!
 But suicide is a naive word that won\'t corner her!!
 Beato, this is the end!!"
"Repetition requested!!
 "The six deaths were all homicides"!!"
".....................That is painful."
"Uguu...!!
 ........................kh...ooohh...!"
"Hmmmm?
 What\'s wrong, six people were killed, right?!
 I\'m just checking the simplest premise we had at the very beginning, aren\'t I?
 Can\'t you repeat it?!"
"I......I decline to repeat.
 ...Th‐there\'s no reason in particular."
"Refusing to repeat this is the same as resigning, you know?!"
"Checkmate!!
 One of the six was the culprit, and they carried out a suicide after constructing the locked room!
 We\'re done!!"
"...W‐wait!
 No, umm, ......I\'ll say it, I\'ll say it!
 I\'ll use the red like you want!
 {p:1:None of the six committed suicide}!"
"How\'s that?!
 Are you satisfied...?!
 *cackle*cackle*, kakkakakakaka!
 I\'ve struck back, I\'ve struck back!!!"
"Heh,
 ......what the hell, so you can say it...
 ...But isn\'t that weird?
 Why are you so panicked...?"
"......I‐i‐it\'s your imagination.
 I am also frantic this time, you see?
 I don\'t have much leeway.
 Don\'t pay it any mind..."
"......The repetition you requested has been modified.
 Do not be fooled."
"..................kuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu..."
"Pu ku ku ku...
 It seems it was useless, Milady."
"Th‐that\'s right!
 She didn\'t say "the six deaths were all homicides".
 She changed it to "none of the six committed suicide"!
 Which means that one or more of the people was not killed by someone else and didn\'t commit suicide."
".........Aaaaaaaahhh,
 I\'ve got it, I\'ve got it!!
 This is the truth!"
"After culprit X, who lurks among the six, murdered the other five, they constructed a locked room.
 ......Then they planned to escape from or hide in that room by some method."
"However, {i:there was an accident}!!
 The culprit died from an accident that even they hadn\'t expected, and constructed a locked room that even they hadn\'t desired!!
 Now it\'s over, {f:5:Beatrice}!!
 Checkmate!!!"
"D......damn iiiit!!
 Did you think I would be cornered by something like that!!
 I would never scream my resignation over something like that!!"
"I\'ll slice up that foolish checkmate with my red treasured sword over and over again!!
 Among the six, there were n—"
"Mgmf?!
 Fugagaga, wha are you ooing, fugafuga!"
"My apologies.
 Our side requests some time to strategize.
 Please allow us a brief postponement."
"......It is a just request.
 I believe there should be no problem."
"Sure!! I\'ll allow that!
 I\'ve been given those a lot lately.
 This time it\'s your turn to use it...!!"
"Thank you very much.
 Come, Milady, ......this way.
 And let us quietly count to one hundred inside our heads."
"Fugafugafuga!!
 Hunoheh, huhnoheee!!
 Fugaa!"
As Beato grew thoroughly panicked and agitated, Ronove had quickly covered her mouth with his hand, and suspended the game.
He then pulled Beato away in the name of a strategy conference...
"......Damn.
 Curse that demon butler.
 When Beato got all hot, that was an ideal chance to corner her..."
Beato normally behaves elegantly, but she actually has a really short temper and gets mad easily.
......Her normal intelligence falls silent when she starts getting agitated.
"Ronove is composed.
 ...He probably gave that child some time to cool her head.
 ......That child was stubbornly trying to remove your check,
 and was going to easily let several large pieces go.
 ...After all, the first twilight is only a skirmish.
 ......That child mistook her timing."
"......So, what does it mean?
 Did I create a checkmate, or didn\'t I?"
"That child was going to proclaim it in red.
 It probably wouldn\'t have become checkmate yet.
 ......But, I imagine,
 that child will proclaim her resignation once she has cooled her head."
"...Surely not.
 Even though she hates losing...?"
"Yes.
 In a losing battle, it is essential to withdraw your troops as soon as possible to try to minimize your losses.
 ......The difficult part is measuring whether it is a losing battle or not.
 ...It seems that that child\'s butler calmly made that decision."
"......Oh well.
 In other words, she got away with only a second to spare.
 ......Looks like...
I won\'t be getting checkmate and delivering the final blow so easily."
"However, you should measure this as your victory.
 They seem to have just barely prevented a large loss,
 but without a doubt, you dealt considerable damage.
 ......I am sure you were able to understand well the depths of that wound by watching the way she panicked."
"Seriously.
 Ihihihi, it feels like she\'d start crying if I bullied her any more than this."
As we talked, Ronove returned with Beato, who wore a meek expression.
...She didn\'t have the same bold smile as usual, but it looked like the blood wasn\'t rushing to her head anymore.
".........Hey.
 It\'s your turn.
 Did you decide your next move?"
"I resign.
 ......For now, I will let you have your victory."
Beato told me that frankly.
{n}It seemed as though she had taken a far‐sighted view, as though saying "if you want to laugh, then laugh".
......It was a bit of a buzzkill, and I lost my desire to attack her further.
"Well, now that you\'ve resigned, in the end,
 all that means is that we\'re even, since my theory and yours can\'t deny each other.
 I\'ll treat it more like a tie than a loss."
"......I don\'t need your disgusting compassion.
 I say that this time, it is my loss.
 ...When you find a dog drenched with rain, are you inclined to whack it with a stick or something?"
"Nope.
 Unlike you."
".............................."
Even though she ridiculed me horribly when I showed signs of defeat, she was so pathetic when it was her turn.
I thought of her as a pretty unfair person, but I decided to act with dignity as a winner and accepted it.
......Beato had resigned.
{n}That was the only result of the first twilight.
{f:5:Beatrice} couldn\'t counter my move of "one of the six was the culprit,
 and that person died in an accident".
...No, she probably could have countered it, but because of some strategic decision, she had given up.
I felt less like I had won, and more like she had escaped me one step from victory...
In chess against witches, it is possible to battle onward solely using pieces called X which don\'t need explanation.
Thanks to the "Devil\'s Proof", I can create as many strange fictions as I want, and use them to fight in the argument.
...But that\'s only within the context of chess with a witch.
{n}......In our human world, such an abstract story can\'t explain anything.
The first twilight today was a chain of six locked rooms.
{n}...It certainly may be possible for a human.
Beato hadn\'t been able to completely deny everything.
However, I don\'t have a clue who committed the crime,
 why, and how they actually did it...
I shouldn\'t say this having won,
 ......but I get the feeling that I would have felt less muddled...
if I had just been told right out by {f:5:Beatrice} that it was completely impossible for a human.
Although I hide behind these abstract pieces called X,
{n}............I couldn\'t deny that some kind of unthinkable,
 creepy intention had definitely pervaded this mansion...
