The vase was very, very beautiful, rich with history and value.
Even as young as I was, it still forced me to take a deep breath when I witnessed its beauty.
Of course, it was one of Grandfather\'s favorite collection pieces.
So that I didn\'t accidentally destroy its fragile beauty,
 I was always strictly ordered never to touch it.
......But that just made me want to touch it.
You could almost see right through it, and yet it was so elegant; it appeared so weightless, and yet it had an indescribable presence.
...I wanted to see what it felt like to touch a vase like that.
However, ...just as Grandfather had said, it was something that must not be touched.
This much beauty arises precisely because it must never be touched.
It was a beauty that could only dwell in something so fragile it would break at a touch.
Which is exactly why, if it were to be touched by my impudent finger, it would oh so easily—
Just like an enjoyable morning dream fading into nothing as you wake...
......it vanished, fell, and broke into smithereens.
I realized that, because of my own foolish curiosity, I had done something that couldn\'t be taken back.
No matter how much I regretted it, no matter how much I apologized.
The broken vase would not return to its original form...
I would probably be scolded by Grandfather.
Probably very harshly.
Frightened, I ended up breaking into tears and sobbing...
As I did, I noticed something............beautiful.
 Lightly dancing golden butterflies...
were coming towards me.
The beautiful butterflies began to gather, one at a time, glittering fantastically with glowing golden powder.
Oh, it\'s {f:5:Beatrice}.
That reliable Golden Witch, {f:5:Beatrice} had arrived.
The butterflies gathered one after another, grouped together, and there, became her form...
She was always on my side.
Whenever I was in trouble, she would always appear and help me.
"Good day to you, princess."
"{f:5:Beatrice}!
 ......uuuughu, hic, hic...!"
"Oh, my...
 Why are you crying so on a day so perfect for a tea party, my princess...?"
"...I broke Grandfather\'s precious vase...
 Uugh... Grandfather will get mad at me.
 ...I don\'t know what I should do...
 hic..."
"That is indeed worrying.
 I believe the Master greatly treasured this particular vase.
 ......Hohohoho, it\'s terrifying even for me to think about what kind of punishment you\'ll receive."
Grandfather was a very frightening person.
And once he told you something, if you failed to follow it, he would become mad with a rage that would make even the fallen angels in hell quiver.
I was intimately familiar with that, which is why I couldn\'t do anything but shake like this and cry...
"I hold no magic to scoop up your fallen tears, princess,
 but if you want magic that will make it possible for you to avoid being scolded by the Master, I might be able to do something."
"R‐really...?"
"If you will believe in my power, princess.
 The basis of magic power is the power of belief.
 ......Miracles will only appear before those who strongly believe."
"I, ...I believe...
 I believe in your magic, {f:5:Beatrice}.
 So please fix this vase.
 Please...!"
"If that is what you want, princess.
 ......Very well, then leave it to me."
When she extended her index finger, a golden butterfly softly landed there, and changed its form into her favorite magic wand.
Even that was enough to give me a small glimpse at {f:5:Beatrice}\'s wonderful and great magic power.
She pointed her wand at the broken vase, and, just like a child\'s lullaby, she began speaking the magic words...
"Come, try closing your eyes.
 And try to remember.
 What form did you have?
 It was surely a very, very beautiful form.
 Please, show me that form one more time..."
Were they words, or was it a song?
No, it was surely magic.
After all, can\'t you see? ...The pieces of the vase are gathering together in no time at all,
 ...and softly returning to the place where they had been displayed, ......returning to their original beautiful form.
"......Incredible..."
"See?
 Now it\'s back to normal.
 This way, you will be able to avoid being yelled at by the Master."
"{f:5:Beatrice}, you sure are incredible.
 It was no trouble for you to repair a broken vase."
"That\'s not true.
 Returning something broken to its original form is a very, very difficult thing.
 With my magic, I could do no more than make it remember what it was, for the time being."
"......?
 But, the vase really turned back to the way it was, right...?"
"That\'s right.
 But that doesn\'t mean that I caused the vase to avoid its fate of being broken.
 I did nothing but make the broken vase remember how it was before it broke for the time being.
 Magic power that can repair a broken fate to its original form is at a very high level that even I have yet to reach."
At that time, the high‐pitched scream of a servant could be heard from inside the mansion.
When I went to see what had happened,
 ......I noticed that several of the servants had gathered, and were cleaning up the remains of the broken vase.
From what they said, it seemed that a black cat had sneaked in from somewhere, climbed up on the vase, and toppled it over.
I understood the meaning of what {f:5:Beatrice} had said.
...At the time that I broke the vase, "the vase had been broken".
{f:5:Beatrice} had shown me that the vase had been restored, but that had been a temporary thing.
 It didn\'t mean the fate that "the vase had been broken" had changed.
As a result, ......the vase had remembered its true fate, and "broke".
But I hadn\'t broken it; instead, it had been a cat which had snuck in...
That\'s right.
 {f:5:Beatrice} hadn\'t said "Let\'s mend the vase".
She had said she would make it so that I didn\'t have to be punished.
The fate of the vase breaking hadn\'t changed, but the fact that I had broken it certainly had...
{f:5:Beatrice} had skillfully saved me from danger with that magic...
"It is very easy to break something.
 Just like how you, princess, did not require magic in order to break the vase."
"...Fixing something is very hard...?"
"Yes.
 So much so that you were at a loss at what to do and started crying."
"......So it\'s easier to use magic to do horrible things?
 To break,
 ......to kill is very easy,
 ......but fixing and reviving things is very hard, as you say..."
"......That\'s right.
 With magic, it is much easier to do things like breaking and killing.
 Therefore, weak witches who lose to temptation become intoxicated with that power which they can easily obtain, and neglect their real magic training."
"......Real magic is the power to repair, to revive.
 To call back happiness which has disappeared, to call back love which has gotten cold.
 And it can call back a forgotten smile to a princess\'s face."
"Then, ......{f:5:Beatrice}, does that mean that since you could fix the vase, you are an incredible witch?"
"My days of training are far from over.
 After all, I couldn\'t make the vase forget its fate for even an hour.
 If it had been my master, who taught me magic,
 I\'m sure that she would have been able to restore the vase to its original form forever."
"If it broke and broke, she could fix it over and over again...?"
"Yes.
 When one reaches that level, they are possessed of endless magical power.
 That is the endless level that all witches should strive to reach.
 As a sign of the highest respect to those witches, we call them..."
"An Endless Witch..."
"That\'s right.
 ......To witches holding the power to mend something endlessly, the concept of breaking doesn\'t even exist.
 They are released from all of the sadness caused by losing things and are promised eternal bliss."
Certainly, the human world is full of sadness caused by separation and loss.
To escape that sadness, people pray to God, and ask for the power to withstand the sadness, believing it to be a test...
In other words, a human\'s life is a journey, searching for a way to withstand sadness.
In that case, a witch who could revive all things would be freed from all sadness in the world.
 ......In other words, it is eternal bliss...
"I wonder......if I could become a witch like you, and gain eternal happiness."
"You, princess...?
 Hoh‐hoh‐ho... That would be a long, long, difficult path, you know?"
"I want to be a witch.
 ......I want to be happy.
 I want to be your disciple."
"...............
 Do you have even the slightest doubt in that feeling?"
"No.
 I want to become a witch too."
"......All right.
 Then, until you get tired of it, princess, I will allow you to be my disciple.
 ...Will you call me Master?"
"Yes, Master."
"That\'s a good answer.
 Then from now on, learn the depths of magic along with me.
 I am also in training.
 Let us both learn magic the right way, and do our best to reach that blissful level."
"Yes, Master...!"
"........................
 ...Ah, a dream.
 ......That face brings me back..."
Endless Witch, was it?
A name that I had yearned for in the past as the highest achievement...now just another one of my titles.
No, you can even call it a name.
"...Every once in a while, it\'s nice to feel some satisfaction from that name.
 Isn\'t it something that I gained as the result of many days of training?"
"...It\'s a little bit of a waste if I don\'t feel some gratitude for it every once in a while.
 ......*cackle*cackle*cackle*."
I shook my head lightly.
If it is called the highest level, that means that there is nothing higher.
An eternal dead end, the beginning of eternal boredom.
"Master said it once.
 That when one is released from all sadness, it is the same as eternal bliss.
 ......Which is why I think...
Master {i:couldn\'t reach that level}."
Eternal bliss means eternal boredom.
...That\'s the beginning of eternal torture.
But perhaps all things depend on your point of view.
Eternal boredom is the same as a sketchbook that doesn\'t run out of pages.
 It means you can draw whatever you want, can put in as much effort to enjoy it as you want.
Boredom is the worst poison that kills all witches.
......To the Great Witches who hold the title "Lady", this is frighteningly true.
It is the eternal poison that tortures them because of the eternal bliss that they have reached...
"Now that I have earned the name of Endless Witch, I truly wish to speak with my master again.
 ......Was the result of our training really "happiness"?
 And I want to talk with her about what true "happiness" is."
― Training has no end.
 When you think you have reached the eternal level, that is the time to regret your immaturity.
......As if in answer to my own words, a memory of her saying something like that entered my mind.
"*cackle*cackle*, hahhahahahahahahahaha...
 I see, ......I am immature, am I?!
 How nice, how nice.
 *cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*...!"
Some painfully shrill laughter could be heard.
It was from my furniture.
 ...Did they break their toy again?
"{f:5:Beatrice}‐samaaa.
 This guy\'s stopped moving agaaain."
"Even though I haven\'t played enough at all.
 What a pathetic man."
"I hadn\'t even played at alllll!
 Let me play, let me playyyy!"
"Be silent, you filth!
 No matter how well {f:5:Beatrice}‐sama fixes him, he just breaks right away, because you all devour him like starving dogs."
"You broke him the most, Satan‐nee.
 \'Cause you don\'t know restraint."
"My apologies, {f:5:Beatrice}‐sama.
 Please forgive my cretinous younger sisters."
"Fix him quicklyyy!
 I\'m next, I\'m neeext!"
"Can you not be silent, shut up!!"
"""""""Eeek!!"""""""
Just from that single yell, the noisy Sisters of the Seven Stakes disappeared and hid.
They just mess around, having as much fun as they want breaking him.
They only come to me to clean up afterwards.
...Good grief, my furniture doesn\'t let me get bored.
What remained after the pieces of furniture hid themselves...was just the sloppy mess that was all that remained of the broken toy.
It had no form anymore.
"...Even I find it hard to recall his original form when he looks like this.
 It\'s better to make him remember for himself.
 ......Oh, well."
I waved my golden pipe.
And I told.
 I chanted.
 I made it remember.
"......Come, try to remember.
 What form did you have?
 ...After all, right now, you look like nothing but a huge lump of scrap meat to me."
"I\'ve no idea which parts are the arms and which parts are the legs.
 If you don\'t remember for me, I won\'t even be able to recall your face.
 *cackle*cackle*cackle*!"
By the power of the magic, the pitiful pieces of meat began to remember what their form had been.
Who was connected to who.
 Where was joined up with where.
That\'s right, just like that.
...No, no, you should be a finger on the left hand.
 And you, the right hand.
 That\'s it, good, good, *cackle*.
"...Good morning.
 Feeling awake, Ushiromiya Battler?
 How truly ironic that being awake is even more like a nightmare."
".........*cough*, ...*cough*...
 .........eck, ...owowow......"
"If you would just accept that I am a witch, you\'ll quickly awaken from this nightmare, and I\'ll send you to heaven.
 I am the king of Mount Purgatory.
 There\'s no way out of this hell without my approval."
"Heh, ...heheheheh.
 You call this hell? That\'s no good.
 Yeah, that\'s no goddamn good at all."
"The pain of death, which humans only have to taste once,
 has been given to you more times than I could count with all of my fingers, and yet, ...how can you keep talking like that?
 *cackle*!
 That is why I never tire.
 I never tire of you."
"Yeah, I\'m not tiring either.
 I mean, I get to pick and choose from those busty babes with dazzling asses in my harem.
 Thanks to that, I\'m not getting tired at all."
"*cackle*cackle*, *cackle*cackle*cackle*!
 I am glad to hear it.
 Otherwise I too would be bored.
 So, my furniture.
 I\'ve fixed him, so you can play as much as you want."
"Thank you very much!
 Kyaha, dibs!"
"Didn\'t I say you\'re done, you\'re done, I\'m next!
 Back off, waaah!"
"Huhuhuhuhu.
 Wonderful, isn\'t it, Battler‐kuuun?
 You\'re so popular, aren\'t you?"
"It\'s hard being a popular guy.
 Get in line, you beasts."
"If you stopped acting all tough and started being honest with yourself, this would be much easier on you."
"It\'s alright like this.
 His screams feel so much better this way."
"Alright, let\'s not break him easily this time.
 Well?! Do you hear me?!"
"You aren\'t in control!"
"So, Battler‐kun.
 Let\'s continue where we left off, alright?
 After locking Jessica‐chan\'s room with the master key, how did they return the key to the pocket of the corpse which was inside the room?"
"......For example...
 ...That\'s it, they used a fishing line or something, and just the key went back into the room through the crack of the door..."
"Kyahhahahahahahaha!!
 Wronnng!"
"So naive.
 
Of all of the doors that exist on Rokkenjima, none has a crack through which a key can slip}."
"He got it wrong? He got it wrong?!
 Right, this time me, my turn!
 Wherrre should I strike!"
"Me, back of the hand!"
"Gh...!!"
"That\'s meeeean!
 Then, the back of the other hand!"
"Gwoaaahhh...!!"
"I\'ll take the tip of the nose!"
"Ga...gagah......!!"
"Why, why, let me do it too, let me strike too!
 Waaah!!"
"You\'re just slow, Levia‐nee, "you snooze you lose" has always been how we\'ve done things!
 Then, I\'ll take the top of his foot!"
"Ugwaahh......!!"
"Waaah!!
 Me too, me toooo!
 Fine, I don\'t care, I\'ll take his shoulder!"
"Ga...hahh......!!"
"Keh...
 You\'re sisters, right? Be nice to each other. ...
...Gwaaa, ......oh, .........hh..."
"......How can you withstand that?
 Why haven\'t you realized that your false courage actually makes us more excited?"
"Too bad.
 False courage and being stubborn are my specialty.
 No matter how you all try to speak in riddles, I definitely won\'t accept witches and magic...!"
"Even though you can\'t explain anything with human tricks?
 Are you a moron?!
 Know your place!"
"It\'s alright, we don\'t have to force him to accept it.
 Any moment now he\'ll break down crying with the desire to accept it.
 Even now, he really wants to kneel down on the ground pitifully and beg our forgiveness!"
"Ugaah, guahgehgehgyahh...!!"
"Aahhhh, he\'s broken already!
 {f:5:Beatrice}‐samaaa!"
"......Dear me.
 Since they know that I can revive him over and over, my pieces of furniture don\'t even hesitate to break him.
 How troublesome."
Endless rebirths give me free reign over endless deaths, too.
 Before the Endless Witch {f:5:Beatrice}, all death and life has no meaning.
Even death can\'t serve as the key to escape from my cage.
"So, Battler.
 Remember your original form once more.
 I\'ll toy with you over and over again!"
"I see, I see, it truly is pleasant to have a toy to play with for all eternity.
 ......I see, could this be the endless bliss witches gain at the endless level?"
"I see, I see.
 This certainly is a pleasant bliss.
 *cackle*cackle*cackle*cackle*!
 Wahhahahahahahahahahahaha!!
 I\'ll revive you over and over, kill you over and over!"
"Now then, what kind of murder spree shall I unleash on the next game board?
 Come, bring the new game board. Why don\'t we begin the next game, Ushiromiya Battler!!"
