"Good day to you."
".........G‐...good day to you."
"Good day to you" is the standard greeting used here.
No matter how many years pass by, this style of greeting still feels very awkward...
I had responded to the greeting in order to stifle that awkward feeling,
 but the classmate who had spoken looked at me blankly.
"......Oh?
 *giggle*giggle*giggle*."
"Ohhh? What\'s this?
 I think you must be mistaken, *giggle*giggle*..."
Their choice of words and manner were certainly what you would expect of a school for rich girls,
 but at their core, they were as innocent and cruel as any children of that age.
......It seems they found it funny that I\'d mistakenly thought the greeting had been directed at me.
 No, it might be the opposite.
...Maybe I should say that they didn\'t know what to do after being greeted by an introverted kid like me.
No, judging by the looks of my classmates, glancing this way over their shoulders and whispering to each other,
 there were even some who seemed to consider their refreshing morning ruined.
......I am...depressing.
 Because no one likes me.
So, trying not to get in the way of everyone\'s refreshing morning any more, I entered the classroom in a low crouch.
......Almost like I was cutting across the aisle in a movie theater while the movie was running.
This is an all‐dorm academy called Saint Lucia Academy.
It\'s not a school that just anyone can get into simply by passing a test.
...It\'s a hidden rich‐girls\' school, known only to a select group of celebrities from various circles.
For lofty nobles who truly wish their daughters to be brought up like saints,
 this is probably the ideal academy in which to protect them from the impurities of the common world.
......But at the same time, it was probably also a convenient place for nobles to confine daughters who they didn\'t want the public to know about.
As well as an academy isolated from the impurities of the common world, it also held excellent potential as a prison school.
I was truly among the latter, and spent my days confined in Saint Lucia Academy,
 .........as the weeks, months, and years dragged on at a mind‐numbing pace.
Of course, there weren\'t that many students like me, and you couldn\'t tell us apart at a glance.
However, even if they didn\'t come forward, you could usually guess from their appearance.
...Because they were always hanging their heads all the time, with an expression on their faces as though the whole world had abandoned them.
And every class had one or two kids like that, so even if they didn\'t speak up about it, you could guess who they were.
So.
Even though I never confessed that I was one of those kids, at some point, everyone in the class knew......
Just like how the seriousness of your injury grants you status in a hospital room, here, status is granted by the nobility of your birth.
Those who aren\'t permitted to go out in public are probably nothing more than filth to them.
They must think that getting involved with students like that would dirty them as well.
Whenever such a rumor sprang up about a particular student,
 those fastidious girls would about‐face and grow cold and distant, chasing that student out of all possible social groups.
I have that to thank for this quiet and solitary school life of mine...
Well, that\'s only if hearing people whisper behind my back, finding my things lost or broken all the time,
 and having everyone pretend like they don\'t know anything about it can be called a quiet school life.
I must be wearing a weary expression already this morning.
......I can understand completely why my other classmates, who had been enjoying a refreshing morning, would want to click their tongues upon seeing it.
Consciously trying to do my best to avoid tainting my classmates\' morning, I quietly took my seat.
......Then, unusually, someone came to talk to me.
It was the class leader.
"Good day to you, Ushiromiya‐san.
 ......You seem to be in a bad mood this morning.
 Are you certain you\'re getting enough sleep?"
"............Is there some business you have with me?"
"You do know you\'re the only one who hasn\'t submitted her questionnaire for the class presentation?
 Did you forget that the deadline was yesterday?"
...I\'m pretty sure I heard something about that sometime last week.
But I think the questionnaire hadn\'t been passed out yet.
All the necessary information would be written on that, so it should have been no problem to forget about it until it was handed out...
"......I wasn\'t given a questionnaire..."
"You must have been.
 The dormitory leader distributed a copy to everyone.
 If you lost it, all you have to do is honestly say so."
"............I lost it.
 I\'ll fill it in right now, so could you give me a paper?"
Again.
 ......Either someone lost my paper, or they intentionally didn\'t tell me about it.
But I have no way of knowing who was behind that.
In the end, treating it as though it was my own carelessness would settle everything more quickly and without any drama...
"Once you\'ve filled it out, drop it in the questionnaire box in the student council room yourself.
 Our class is the only one, you know, that didn\'t get everyone\'s in by last night."
As I hung my head at the class leader\'s scolding,
 I could hear the giggles and whispers of people watching, coming from no direction in particular...
Ushiromiya‐san did it again.
Because she never concentrates.
She is unsuitable for this school.
She has neither class nor manners.
......Sorry, girls, but I\'ve dealt with much worse when it comes to unfair personal attacks.
I froze my heart and let those arrows of ridicule pass by as I quickly filled out the questionnaire...
When I heard the news that Mom, Dad, Onii‐chan,
 and all the rest of my family had died, I was in the house of my grandpa on my mom\'s side.
The only survivor of the accident was...Ushiromiya Eva.
......Only Aunt Eva.
Even at the time, I hadn\'t really liked Aunt Eva.
At a glance, she seemed to act kindly to me,
 but even as young as I was, I could see clearly that she was somehow belittling Dad and the rest, and I didn\'t like it.
So when it was decided that Aunt Eva would take care of me, I was pretty miserable.
It wouldn\'t have mattered if my nice Uncle Hideyoshi and George onii‐chan could have been there too,
 but I hated the thought of living all alone with Aunt Eva.
I had an honest talk with Grandpa about that, hoping that I could live with him.
However, Aunt Eva was very insistent that she should be the one to look after me.
Aunt Eva had no desire to remarry, so she said I was essential for the succession of the Ushiromiya family.
Aunt Eva felt very strongly about the House of Ushiromiya.
She firmly demanded to take charge of me right away, so that she could give me an education and lifestyle fitting for the successor.
Complicated negotiations with lawyers apparently took place.
...But in the end, I was forced to go live with Aunt Eva.
After she took me in, Aunt Eva told me something.
You must bear all of the glory and history of the Ushiromiya family.
And in order to make you a fitting successor to bear that, your life from now on will be dedicated to studying like hell.
 Sacrifice the rest of your life for the Ushiromiya family.
......She was definitive about it.
At first, I thought she meant exactly what she said.
But I quickly realized that wasn\'t the case.
Because even then, in Aunt Eva\'s eyes,
 the one most fitting to be successor was George onii‐chan, who had passed away.
At my first meal, I was strictly instructed and interrogated about my table manners,
 and was forced to listen to her disparage Mom and Dad as though they had been neglectful in my upbringing.
I also received the same strict instructions regarding manners at my first party,
 and I was insulted in public for my clumsiness, and forced to endure insults to Mom and Dad as well.
After that happened enough times, I finally came to understand.
Aunt Eva didn\'t really want to make me the successor.
She thought that the one who was truly fitting to be the successor was George onii‐chan,
 ......and she couldn\'t forgive the fact that it was going to be me.
So I was disparaged in front of a lot of people.
 Humiliated.
And she made it known far and wide exactly how inferior I was to George onii‐chan,
 ......surely in memory of her dead son—
no, ...she must still have been mourning his death.
......However, that wasn\'t something I could endure.
I couldn\'t possibly live together with Aunt Eva.
......I would be eternally suffocated, continually compared with her dead son.
Even as an elementary schooler, I understood that.
I ran away from the House of Ushiromiya, and tried to go to my grandpa\'s house.
However, Aunt Eva had already foreseen that.
...No, thinking back on it, she might have been luring me into escaping.
I was caught by the guards and brought back,
 .........and for being a coward who had disgraced the Ushiromiya family crest and attempted to abandon the Ushiromiya name,
 .........I was punished,
 .........in a way that makes my whole body shake and shiver just remembering it.
How should I describe what Aunt Eva was like when she punished me?
Frenzied?
 Gleeful?
......The anger and sadness of losing her beloved son, and well as her hatred and pain towards the fact that I was going to steal the headship her son was meant to inherit.
 And the dark pleasure of being able to let those feelings out on me.
......I was pummeled with all of those negative emotions at once.
Then, all of my free time and freedom was taken away, and I was put under round‐the‐clock surveillance.
I may have lived in a gorgeous mansion, and been dressed in expensive clothes,
 ...but my heart and my dignity were being trampled upon, and I was the Ushiromiya family\'s slave,
 ...its cattle.
Compared to that lifestyle, the derisive laughter of my classmates here even felt refreshing.
 ......It was no match for my heart...
After filling in almost all of the fields of the questionnaire with "nothing in particular", I folded it up and put it in my pocket.
......Because if I left it in the desk, I might "lose it" again.
After dropping it off in the box in the student council room during lunch break,
 I finished lunch by myself, as usual, and headed behind the school building, where no one was around.
......Only the time I spent by myself could protect me from the derisive laughter and whispered comments.
Since I was hated and didn\'t have a single friend, my time alone was the most kind to me.
After checking the surrounding bushes to see whether some malicious classmates were hiding and threatening my time of quiet,
 I finally relaxed the tension from my entire body, knowing that I had gained some true peace.
Then...I let out a sigh.
 ...It lingered, heavy, as though it was the first time I had breathed out today.
My previous favorite place behind the vegetable garden storehouse...
had been found out by my classmates, and now they would mess with me there, so this was my new lunchtime hideaway...
There was nowhere to sit behind the school building.
I crouched down against a wall in the shadow of the bushes, opened my bag, and took out a book with an elaborate, old‐fashioned binding...
Just glancing at it, you would probably think it was a religious book written in the Middle Ages or something.
But this isn\'t a book.
 It\'s a diary.
Of course, it\'s not my diary.
.........There aren\'t any special things worth writing about in my daily life.
Every single day is just gray, ...cold, and dry.
When nothing changes from day to day, there aren\'t any notable changes worth writing down.
This is......the diary of Maria onee‐chan, who I had been very good friends with.
She was three years older than me and a bit of a funny person, but Onee‐chan was always a warm, wonderful cousin.
She would always grab me by the hand and invite me to play some fun game.
......I remember that getting to see her was the most enjoyable thing about family gatherings...
Though I preface this with "for an elementary schooler", the handwriting that greeted me when I opened the diary was fairly accomplished,
 and while admittedly it had been written using every other line, the pages were dense with text.
Was she just hopelessly obsessed with jotting everything down in her diary?
......Probably...not.
To her, writing her daily life down in a diary was probably like having a conversation with another part of herself.
So rather than a journal in which the events of her day were simply listed,
 Maria onee‐chan\'s diary was written like a letter to another Maria, telling her of the events of that day.
I had found this diary among her belongings after her death, and had secretly taken it home.
At first, I had felt that reading someone else\'s diary might be boorish, and had been satisfied to just keep it by my side,
 ......but I was unable to resist turning over a page or two, and slowly but surely I found myself reading through it.
And now, .........she had become my only friend.
I gently opened to the page with the bookmark.
"......Sorry to keep you waiting, Maria onee‐chan.
 ......Could you tell me more about your life...?"
At the same time,
 ......a very, very soft breeze blew, tickling the pages.
And I thought the open diary might have sparkled faintly.
......The weather is good today.
Maria onee‐chan loves wonderful rays of sunlight.
So I\'m sure she\'s in a good mood.
On the open diary, ...no, in the world of the diary, Maria onee‐chan showed herself...
She had been nine, I believe, when she died.
 ......So her appearance was already younger than mine.
But I call her Onee‐chan, and in turn, she fondly calls me just Ange.
"Uu.
 Ange, you were slow getting here today.
 Was it packed at lunch......?"
"......Yes.
 It\'s always packed.
 Because groups of friends install themselves in the seats and stay there even after they\'ve finished eating.
 It\'s pretty fatal if you go to the dining hall late.
 ......I was on cleanup duty today."
"......Uu!
 I\'m fast at eating!
 The faster you eat, the more you can play!
 Uu!"
Maybe she noticed that I was still bitter about how that duty had been forced upon me, shortening my lunch break by a bit.
Maria onee‐chan brightly changed the subject.
Grateful for that consideration, I responded that I eat slowly.
Maria said something about how she\'d teach me the trick to eating fast, and cheered me up.
I read it in the diary.
 No, I heard it from Maria onee‐chan.
She was once ranked number 1 among the girls on the speed‐eating leaderboard in her grade\'s newspaper.
She had been very proud of that, but had apparently been a little disappointed that her mother, Auntie Rosa, hadn\'t praised her very much for it.
"Uu!
 Okay, so I\'ll start today\'s story.
 How far did we get yesterday?
 Uu?"
"Umm......
 This far.
 Up to when you got Sakutaro as a present.
 ......You promised that you would tell me about Sakutaro."
"Uu!
 Talk about Sakutaro!
 Sakutaro is...a reeeeally cute stuffed animal!
 I\'m sure you\'d like him too, Ange!
 Uu!"
"Yes.
 Tell me about that.
 ......The lunchtimes I spend listening to your stories are the only times I can feel relaxed at school."
"Uu!
 I\'ll talk!
 So about Sakutaro, umm, umm!"
Watching Maria onee‐chan, who\'s always in a good mood, makes my heart feel warm as well.
As I listened to her tale, I began to get absorbed into her world......
"Happy birthday, Maria.
 Sorry I got back so late."
"Uu!
 Good job with your work, Mama!
 I know you\'re busy, so, waited without crying even when you were late.
 Was good and waited, watching TV!"
"Yes, you\'re such a good girl, Maria.
 As a reward for waiting politely, you can order anything you want today.
 Of course, only as much as you can eat, okay?"
"Uu‐uu!
 Can I change my corn soup to onion gratin soup today?!"
"Yes, you can."
"Uu‐uu!
 It\'s 200 yen more, but can I even change it to prosciutto pizza?!"
"Yes, you can.
 If you really can eat it.
 ......But what the hey.
 It is your birthday, after all.
 I have to reward you for being a good girl and waiting so patiently."
"Uu‐uu‐uu!
 Then, then, can I have enchilada cheesecake for dessert?!
 And, and, the chef\'s choice fruit salad and kids\' french fries!
 Want to have a melon soda too!"
"Uu‐uu‐uu!
 I\'m a good girl, I\'m a good girl!
 Praised by Mama, uu‐uu‐uu♪"
"*giggle*.
 You\'re getting a little too excited.
 If you don\'t quiet down a bit, you\'ll disturb the other customers."
When Rosa gently admonished her, Maria stuck her tongue out and eased up a little.
 ...But it seemed that she was having a hard time repressing her excitement at being able to eat out with her mother again after such a long time.
Today was Maria\'s birthday.
Rosa always spent Maria\'s birthday at a wonderful restaurant.
When Maria had still been in kindergarten, they had sometimes invited other kids from the neighborhood over and had a party at home.
Rosa would make a wonderful cake, and homemade sweets, and decorate the house herself, making it a huge celebration.
But after they moved and Maria no longer had any friends in the neighborhood, Rosa had started splurging at expensive restaurants instead.
However, today, they were instead in a normal family restaurant.
It was also a little late in the day for a kid like Maria to eat there, even with a parent.
Rosa had actually gotten reservations at a fantastical place that Maria would absolutely have loved.
 Of course, she had also prepared a wonderful cake with Maria\'s name written on it.
......But Rosa just hadn\'t been able to finish up her work, and had been forced to cancel.
Since that had turned into a local family restaurant, Rosa felt a little indebted to Maria.
So she was prepared to spoil Maria a bit and let her have whatever she wanted tonight...
"......I thought you weren\'t a very big eater, Maria onee‐chan?
 Are you sure you\'re going to be OK asking for this much?"
"Uu.
 I can\'t eat very much, but I like it when there\'s a lot lined up.
 You know, when you have a birthday table,
 and it\'s all multicolored with red and blue and green and yellow, it makes you really happy!"
"...You\'re right.
 When a birthday table is colorful, it does make you feel happy, doesn\'t it?
 ......Birthdays at my place were no match for yours, Maria onee‐chan, but I remember the cakes we bought at the cake shop in front of the station were always gorgeous..."
Ange thought back to her own birthdays nostalgically.
Even though Dad was busy, he sometimes came home just to show up at my birthday party, and then went right back to his company.
I was sad at the time, but now I understand how important I was to Dad.
Of course, Mom also took very good care of me.
In particular, she always had a really good sense in birthday presents,
 and sometimes arranged for them several months in advance.
Even though we always sent an invitation to Battler onii‐chan, he didn\'t get along with Dad or something, so he didn\'t always come.
......So when he did come, I was really happy.
...The birthday parties when the whole four‐person family was together made for fun memories that I will never forget...
"Uu~.
 Your birthday looks like a lot of fun too.
 Battler and Uncle Rudolf are the life of the party.
 Noisy and laughing!
 Ah, Battler got covered in soda, ahahahaha."
Maria onee‐chan peeked into my happy memory.
It\'s kind of embarrassing looking at myself, sitting quietly there, wearing the origami helmet that Dad had made as a party trick.
In my hand was a paper gun that Battler onii‐chan had folded for me.
...And Mom was taking a commemorative photo.
It was the happiest moment of my life.
"But your birthday\'s just as good, Maria onee‐chan.
 So, you get him today, right?
 Sakutaro."
"Uu!
 Was reeeally looking forward to it.
 Was so excited the whole time, wondering when Mama would show me the wrapped present in the side of her bag."
"Sakutaro" is the name of the stuffed animal that Maria onee‐chan was to receive as a present today.
For quite a long time, Auntie Rosa had been making a stuffed animal to give to her as a birthday present today.
It was apparently to be a cute lion stuffed animal,
 and Maria onee‐chan had already given it the name Sakutaro even though she hadn\'t received it yet.
Today, she was looking forward to meeting Sakutaro even more than celebrating her own birthday.
Auntie Rosa ran a clothing design company.
It did actually seem to have a brand name, too, for what that\'s worth.
......I think it was just called <Auntie Rosa>, in English...?
The slogan was supposedly "I can\'t forgive the way I was before today".
...Unfortunately, I\'ve never met anyone who knew of that brand name.
Maybe it wasn\'t that famous.
So, in any case, Auntie was pretty skilled with her hands.
I heard that some of the clothing she wears she made herself.
So making a stuffed animal had to be well within her capabilities.
"......A hand‐made stuffed animal... That sounds kind of wonderful.
 By the way, why did you call it Sakutaro?"
"Uu.
 Actually wanted to call it "Sakura".
 But it\'s a male lion, so I was told to give it a boy\'s name."
"So I added a boy‐like "tarou" and called him "Sakutarou".
 And I forget when the "u" at the end went away!"
"Why "Sakura"?"
"Uu!
 Main character in an anime on TV~!"
There was apparently a popular anime at the time whose main character was a girl called "Sakura".
......The fact that she\'d simply borrowed the name of a character she liked was, how should I say it, as innocent and cute as you\'d expect from her age.
"Uu!
 Mama, Mama!
 Still no Sakutaro?
 Want to let Sakutaro join in my birthday too."
"Presents always come at the end, remember?
 If you open it now, it\'ll get dirty.
 Hold on until the meal is over."
"Then I\'ll finish eating quickly!
 Uu‐uu‐uu!"
As soon as she proclaimed that, she started tearing into her meal.
Auntie Rosa scolded her, telling her not to make a scene.
It seemed that she had seen it coming immediately.
I had been thinking that, if I were as straightforward as Maria onee‐chan, that would probably be exactly what I would do as well,
 so it brought a kind of warm smile to my face when my expectations weren\'t betrayed.
In the end, Auntie Rosa succumbed to her daughter\'s eyes sparkling with anticipation,
 cleaned up the table, and took out the long‐awaited wrapped present.
"Happy birthday, Maria.
 ......I couldn\'t spend much time on it, so I couldn\'t make it very well..."
"Uu!
 If you made it, Mama, I\'m happy with anything!
 Uu‐uu‐uu!
 Sakutaro~, Sakutaro~, uu‐uu!"
Auntie Rosa spoke slightly humbly, but Maria onee‐chan was ecstatic even before opening the wrapping.
......I could really understand that feeling.
 It\'s not a matter of quality.
Just the fact that it was a handmade present was more pleasing than anything.
"Can I open it?
 Can I open it?!"
"I\'d really prefer you to leave it until we get back home,
 ......but, just for a bit, okay?
 We\'ll just take a look and say hello, then put it back, alright?
 You can give him a proper greeting once we get home.
 We\'re in public, so you can\'t fool around, understand?
 Can you promise?"
"Uu!
 Promise promise!"
"So can I open it?
 Can I open ii~t?
 Mamaaa."
"Yes, yes, but just for a bit, okay?"
"Yaaaaaaaaayyyy...☆"
Before Auntie Rosa finished her sentence, Maria onee‐chan started unwrapping the present.
And straight away, ......yellow and orange peeked out.
What appeared was a slightly blank‐looking stuffed lion,
 with cute round eyes and a cute white chest.
It was about the size of a small pillow.
 It looked pretty big held by a short person like Maria onee‐chan, but it probably wasn\'t that large.
From the perspective of someone who didn\'t know better, it would probably look like something cheap bought from a department store or something.
But to Maria onee‐chan, it was her mother\'s handmade stuffed animal, the only one of its kind in the world, and irreplaceable.
"Sakutaro~, Sakutaro~!!
 *giggle*giggle*!!
 Cute cute, reeeeally cute...!
 Thank you Mama, thank you Mama, thank you so much for making such a cute stuffed animal for me even though you\'re so busy with your work...!!"
"...Please don\'t praise me so much, it makes me feel embarrassed.
 I couldn\'t take much time, so I couldn\'t make anything that good.
 I actually wanted to make one so big that you couldn\'t wrap your arms around it..."
"No, this is good!
 With this size, we can always be together.
 We can go out together.
 Sakutaro~, I\'m your onee‐cha~n, uryu~☆"
"It really is a cute stuffed animal.
 So this kid is your best friend Sakutaro."
"Uu!
 Can\'t go to school together, but we\'re always, always together at home and he\'s my best friend."
"You know, Sakutaro is verrry innocent and cute, and he\'s always nice to me.
 Cheers me up when I\'m feeling down, and plays a lot with me when I\'m feeling good!"
"So I\'m not lonely anymore.
 Not lonely when Mama is busy with work and I\'m all alone, and even if no one plays with me at school, not lonely at all.
 Riiight, Sakutaro~, uryu~☆"
......At school, Maria onee‐chan was in similar circumstances to me.
Compared to the other kids in her class, Maria onee‐chan\'s tempo was always a beat too slow.
Her impressionability and way of thinking about things were a little peculiar, ......and she was a little too idiosyncratic to blend in with them.
Her grades were low as well, and yet she was talkative when it came to her specialist field of the occult, which led to her being treated like a weirdo by everyone else in the class.
If she touches you, you\'ll be cursed... Stuff like that.
Everyone in the class acted like she was gross, made fun of her, and avoided her, it seems.
Boys who bumped into Maria onee‐chan...
would start wiping that part of them off against the other boys, as if they\'d gotten something dirty on them.
They would pick up her stuff between pinched fingers like it was something filthy and chase the other boys around with it.
As for the girls, they appeared to find even speaking to her unpleasant;
 they ignored her completely, giggling and sneering at her whenever she made a mistake.
"............It looks like bullying is the same in all eras.
 Humans really don\'t advance.
 Go extinct already."
"......I\'m sad to be bullied, but I think it can\'t be helped."
"It can\'t be helped...?
 Why...?"
"\'Cause, there\'s a rule that says, every class has to have one kid who gets picked on."
"......That\'s a horrible rule.
 I want to find whoever made that and hit them over the head with a brick.
 The corner of it, obviously."
"If I wasn\'t there anymore, I\'m sure a new bullied kid would be chosen in my place.
 By staying strong, I can protect them."
As she said that, she smiled faintly.
.........Maria onee‐chan\'s way of thinking really is unusual.
According to her, there is always a witch residing in the place called school.
No, she says that anywhere that a lot of people gather will most certainly have a witch residing there.
The witch tries to make the students perish by disease or accidents, so that she can steal their souls.
 She sometimes also corrupts the souls, leading them down a path of evil.
Maria onee‐chan told me that an angel came, not content to let that happen.
"......And the angel, she tried to defeat that witch.
 But the witch was powerful, and the fight continued for seven days and seven nights, but even then, it still wasn\'t over.
 The tired‐out witch asked for a truce, and proposed this."
"I\'ve heard this before.
 ......‘Thus far, I have made half of the students in the class become sick or injured.
 But in exchange, I have protected the remaining half of the students from sickness and injury."
"Therefore, if you will make just one member of the class a sacrifice to me, if you will make them "the bullied kid",
 I shall protect all of the other students from sickness and injury’,
 .........wasn\'t it?"
"Uu.
 The angel thought about it.
 Compared to half the class suffering misfortune, having only one person be the unlucky one would be much better.
 Plus, the witch was saying that she would protect the safety of all the other students, using her powerful magic."
"If there are forty students in a class,
 ......and the twenty victims are shrunk down to one, then nineteen people are saved.
 ......A truly logical proposal."
I wonder if this fairy tale has some kind of motif.
If it\'s a creation of Maria onee‐chan, a nine year old girl, that would be pretty impressive.
"The angel decided to accept that proposal.
 So, through the single sacrifice, nineteen people were saved.
 ......So my role is important.
 The witch is protecting nineteen people."
"......Because of us becoming sacrifices?
 .........Well, I don\'t remember ever being thanked by those nineteen people."
...Maria onee‐chan\'s thinking is too compassionate.
The miserableness of our situations is very similar.
 ......And yet, there\'s a difference in our inner peace, just because of a small difference in our way of thinking?
"So then, aren\'t you sad, Maria onee‐chan...?"
"Uu.
 Not sad at all.
 \'Cause I\'ll be together with Sakutaro from now on.
 Right?
 Sakutaro?"
‘Uryuu! If I can be with Maria, I\'m happy too~!’
"Look, Sakutaro is saying he\'s happy too.
 Uu☆"
Maria onee‐chan held up the Sakutaro stuffed animal, playing both sides of the conversation herself.
I don\'t understand.
 ......But that\'s exactly why I want to reach Maria onee‐chan\'s level.
...It\'s what makes me so strongly interested in her tale and her words.
"Ange, is it tough because you\'re all alone......?"
"......It is tough.
 But, just the time when I can be with you like this is different.
 Because I\'m not...all alone."
"Then if Sakutaro becomes your friend too, it\'ll be even more fun.
 Uu!
 Okay, starting today, Sakutaro is your new friend!
 Right, Sakutaro~?"
‘Uryu?
 I am...Ange\'s friend...?
 Uryuu, Ange~!’
Skillfully moving the stuffed animal like it was a puppet, Maria onee‐chan made Sakutaro emote.
She was controlling him, but the charming way he waved his short hand and cocked his head to the side...
made it feel like he really was a new friend called Sakutaro.
Of course, if you were to look at it with cold eyes,
 you would only see Maria onee‐chan comforting mopey old me with a stuffed animal.
......But that stuffed animal had definitely been imbued with a soul.
The soul of Maria onee‐chan\'s love.
So I accepted the existence of a being called Sakutaro inside that stuffed animal.
"Come on, say hi to Sakutaro, Ange.
 Come on, you say hi too, Sakutaro~☆"
‘Uryu......?
 Is Ange...
...a scary person......?’
As Sakutaro timidly looked at me,
 he unexpectedly met my gaze, and hid behind Maria onee‐chan\'s back in surprise.
......Maria onee‐chan really is good at playing with stuffed animals.
"It\'s okay, Sakutaro.
 Ange isn\'t scary, she\'s a very nice girl.
 Uu☆"
‘...H‐hello.
 I\'m Sakutarou...
 ......Uryu......’
"*giggle*.
 ......Pleased to meet you, Sakutarou.
 I\'m Ange.
 I\'m glad to be your new friend."
I held out my right hand as though asking for a handshake,
 and Sakutaro\'s short hand was stuck out towards me, and lightly touched my index finger.
After all, the size is all wrong for a handshake between a human and a stuffed animal.
This greeting by touching each other\'s fingers was our handshake.
"Uu☆
 See, now you two are friends!
 Two people\'s funner than one, and three people\'s funner than two.
 Uu!"
‘Uryu~!’
Maria onee‐chan had given the name "Sakutarou" to the stuffed animal she was going to receive on her birthday,
 and had warmed and expanded his existence in her heart for a long, long time.
Therefore, even before she had met him, his existence had been sublimated into a personality.
From the very first moment they met, the two of them were already friends.
Of course, I don\'t think anything could be as personified and loved as Sakutarou was,
 but that wasn\'t anything extraordinary in Maria onee‐chan\'s eyes.
She loved the things she owned very much, treating them just like friends or beloved pets.
Maybe it was partly that Auntie Rosa hadn\'t let her keep a pet,
 or maybe just her innate desire to treat things as though they were precious.
......Maybe it was that she was so isolated, she had been forced to find friends closer to home.
Because of all those various circumstances, this wasn\'t anything extraordinary from her perspective.
Yet even so, Sakutarou, ......no, maybe I should call him Sakutaro like Maria onee‐chan.
It was certain that Sakutaro was a stuffed animal,
 ...no, a friend, who was more loved than anything, or anyone.
"Hello... It\'s Mama.
 You\'re in a good mood, do you have a friend over?"
"Uu!
 Playing with Sakutaro!
 Listen what he said, *giggle*giggle*!"
It was already past nine at night.
Rosa had asked out of surprise since this wasn\'t an appropriate time for a friend to be over,
 but when she thought about it, Maria didn\'t have any friends who would come over to play, did she...
Even so, to think that she would have so much fun playing with that stuffed animal.
Rosa was very pleased that Maria had liked her birthday present so much.
"I\'m sorry.
 Mama just can\'t get her work finished...
 We\'re having a tough time with next season\'s lineup.
 It looks like we\'re finally starting to get noticed bit by bit, and I really want to somehow make an impact here that can meet their expectations..."
"Staying over again?
 Yep, that\'s okay.
 Do your best, Mama!"
"R‐really?
 Thank you, Maria...
 Thanks for understanding about Mama\'s work..."
Rosa was very surprised that Maria had accepted with such indifference that she couldn\'t come home.
Telling Maria that she would be coming home late or staying overnight had been a heavy burden for Rosa.
Maria would start crying about how lonely she was on the other end of the phone, and it took a lot of time and effort to calm her down.
To think that Maria would accept it in such high spirits...
Is this also thanks to Sakutarou?
...Rosa was once again pleased that she had given such a good present.
"I\'ll make sure I can come back by this time tomorrow.
 Let\'s eat dinner together tomorrow.
 You haven\'t eaten dinner yet, have you, Maria?
 Buy a bento at the convenience store and eat that.
 No sweets, and no soda.
 Make sure you get a receipt with your change, understand?"
"Uu!
 Shopping with Sakutaro, shopping with Sakutaro...!"
"H‐hey!
 Not Sakutaro, have him watch over the house!"
From Maria\'s manner of speech, Rosa got the feeling that Maria had been going shopping with that stuffed animal without her knowing about it.
Rosa\'s forehead creased, and after sourly telling Maria that she was absolutely not to, she hung up.
"Uu...
 Mama said I can\'t go shopping with you..."
‘Uryuu...
 Can\'t go shopping with Maria...
 Staying home alone...will be lonely...’
"Why did Mama say not to go shopping with you...
 Uu..."
‘Uryu...
 ......She must be...embarrassed for people to see you and me together...’
"......Embarrassed?
 Why?"
‘Mama often says not to take me outside.
 And she usually words it like, no, you\'re too old for that now...’
"Uu?
 But I\'m not embarrassed at all to be with you."
‘I am a lion, ...but I\'m a stuffed animal.’
"You\'re a lion and a stuffed animal, but you\'re my friend.
 So let\'s go out together☆
 Just when Mama isn\'t around, as a secret.
 Uu?
 Are you embarrassed too?"
‘I\'m not embarrassed, but......
...uryu, ...the people outside are a little scary...’
"So that\'s it!
 Okay, I\'ll make it so you don\'t have to be scared about going outside!
 Leave it to me, I\'ve got something useful...!"
Maria started fishing around her messy room.
Rosa often told her to clean it up, but she was just bad at cleaning up her room.
However, she knew more or less where everything was.
So much so that whenever Rosa would take it upon herself to tidy up, Maria would have trouble finding things.
"Found it!
 Look, look, Sakutaro.
 A knapsa~ck!"
Maria proudly held it up high.
Sakutaro looked at the gaping‐open knapsack and shifted uneasily...
‘Uryu...... Maria, you aren\'t saying......’
"Uu!
 This way, we can go shopping together, and you won\'t be scared!"
Maria held Sakutaro up, and started stuffing him into the knapsack.
At first, she tried to stick him in head‐first, but then he\'d be upside‐down and suffocate.
 So she pulled him out and tried pushing him in again, feet‐first.
‘Uryuu...!
 It\'s tiiight and craaamped and daaark.
 Uryuu!
 Mmggh.’
"See, it\'s alright.
 If you stick your head out, it isn\'t cramped and it isn\'t dark, so it won\'t be scary.
 And it\'s a good view.
 Uu!"
‘Uryu, you\'re right.
 ......Will it be okay for me to go shopping with you now...?’
"Yep, it\'s okay now!
 What should we get for dinner tonight?!
 Come on, let\'s go out, Sakutaro!
 Uu!"
"*giggle*.
 Looks like you\'re having fun, Maria onee‐chan."
"Yep, it\'s reeeally fun.
 Even things that would be lonely and boring alone all become fun with Sakutaro.
 Any {y:0:Human}{n:0:human} friend would have to go home when it gets late."
"But Sakutaro doesn\'t go home, so he can be with me all the time.
 He\'ll watch TV with me,
 be together even in the futon,
 and even hold my hand on scary nights with thunder."
"He\'ll even chase away the monsters in the closet and under the bed.
 Sakutaro is reliable!"
‘Uryu.
 I\'m a lion, so if there\'s any monsters that scare Maria, I\'ll show my courage and chase them away.
 Uryuu, {ruby:roar:gaooo}.’
They were so close that it made me a little envious.
I\'m supposedly older than Maria onee‐chan.
But I can call her nothing else; even now she stands above me like an older sister, and I am yet to reach her level.
...If only I had a friend close by like Sakutaro.
"But both me and Sakutaro are friends close by!
 We\'re aaallways right by your side.
 It\'s just that your magic is weak, so you can\'t perceive us unless you open my diary like this."
"......Perceive?
 You know some pretty difficult words, Maria onee‐chan."
According to her, this world is full of magic and spirits.
As natural and nearby as a light breeze.
"You don\'t normally notice or see the wind,
 but when incense or something trails smoke, you can see it, right?"
"......Right.
 And even if you can\'t see it, it is always nearby."
"That\'s it.
 Me and Sakutaro are always really close by you, Ange.
 Gods and spirits and guardians, they\'re always right next to us."
"But if you aren\'t conscious of them, you can\'t feel their existence.
 Like wind that can\'t be seen with the eyes.
 But they are certainly near us, and if the smoke called magic draws trails, anyone can see them."
I had thought that I could only meet Maria onee‐chan when I opened this diary.
But from what she said, she was always with me, and I could meet her at any time if I truly desired to.
"Along with the records of my life, I left a fragment of my own soul in my diary.
 So the power of my magic resides in this diary.
 But it\'s very faint, so no one other than you can detect it."
"......Only I...can tell?"
"Yep.
 After all, the power of a witch resides in you, just like it does in me!
 If you study hard, even you can definitely become a great witch in the future."
".........A witch.
 I wonder if that\'s fun."
"Uu!
 It is fun.
 If you do that, you\'ll be able to tell that me and Sakutaro are always by your side, even without opening the diary."
"And then every day will be so much fun!
 And then I can introduce you to all my other friends.
 And then every day you\'ll have a lot to do, and it\'ll be very lively."
"That might be fun.
 ......I do have the grimoire you left behind, Maria onee‐chan.
 I\'ll try reading it seriously sometime soon.
 ......And then I won\'t be all alone anymore,
 ...will I...?"
"Uu!"{t}‘Uryuu!’
Maria onee‐chan and Sakutaro said that at the same time, happy that I had developed an interest in the world of witches.
With half of Sakutaro\'s face peeking out of the knapsack on her back,
 Maria walked through the late‐night shopping district in high spirits.
It was only to be expected given the time.
 Everyone in the shopping district was either a shop owner lowering the shutters on their shop, or an employee rushing, or else staggering, back home.
Amidst all that, Maria, in the best of moods as though she was hiking, probably stood out a great deal.
The occasionally passing employees glanced backwards over their shoulders at her with the eyes of someone seeing something out of place.
Office ladies giggled at the cute stuffed animal poking its head out of the knapsack.
The supermarket had been closed for a while by this time.
 However, the recently popular convenience stores stayed open until late into the night.
It was very convenient for Maria, whose mother\'s return was often later still.
Maria took the knapsack off her back, and hugging it close to her chest, she headed over to the sweet buns corner.
She pointed to each of the sweet buns she had eaten before, explaining to Sakutaro that this one was delicious,
 and that one was pretty good too.
 Sakutaro seemed to be enjoying it a lot.
"I\'m going to haaave...the three‐flavor bun!
 With just this one thing, you get to eat red bean jam and cream and strawberry jam!
 But sometimes it\'s green pea jam or white bean jam.
 There should be one kind of bean jam."
‘Uryuu!
 It sounds fun with all the different things inside.
 Uryu~!’
"And I\'ll also have a...fruit yogurt!
 There\'s fruit in it, but it isn\'t a sweet, right?
 Yep, I\'m sure Mama will be fine with it.
 Do you want one too, Sakutaro?"
‘Uryu?
 Can I......?
 What about the money?’
"Uu, no proble~m!
 Look, it\'s {ruby:(5000 yen):Shotoku Taishi}, uu!
 So I can buy you whatever you want too, Sakutaro.
 Let\'s eat together!
 Do you want a yogurt too?"
When Maria made to grab another one of the same fruit yogurt, Sakutaro tilted his head as if he was a little worried.
‘Uryu...
 But I can\'t eat a big one, so a little one is fine.’
"Uu.
 Then what about this small yogurt?
 It\'s 30 yen.
 That\'s cheap."
‘Uryu!
 That\'s good enough for me.
 Yogurt with Maria!’
"Yogurt with Sakutaro!
 Uu!"
Maria put the three‐flavor bun and the two yogurts into a shopping basket, and brought them to the register.
The man working the register, previously in charge of the tobacco shop that had been in this spot until last year, rang her up.
"I seem to be seeing you a lot at this time of day, little lady.
 You\'re a good girl, but next time come with your mother when you go shopping this late, alright?"
"Mama said it\'s okay, so it\'s alright!
 Mama always comes home late because of her work, but we aren\'t lonely.
 Are we, Sakutaro?"
‘Uryuu!’
"Really? That sounds tough.
 Here you go, I\'ll throw in a free soda."
The man working at the store took a can of leftover soda or something from behind the register and packed it into the bag with everything else.
"Thank you, mister!
 Uu!
 Isn\'t that great, Sakutaro?!"
‘Uryuu!’
Since she had been told not to buy soda, she couldn\'t take it back home.
So she decided to drink it on her way back, and not bring the empty can back home.
With the plastic bag with the sweet bun in it hanging from her elbow,
 and hugging the knapsack with Sakutaro in it with that same arm, the two of them walked home drinking the soda...
"......Uu.
 Yuzu and chili pepper soda tastes pretty weird...
 You want to try too, Sakutaro...?"
‘Uryu?
 .........Uryu‐uryu‐uryu, uryuu!!
 Pwhaaah.
 ...Uryuuuu, that was mean, Maria...
 Nasssty......’
"It sure is, uu‐uu."
Of course, it\'s not like she could actually make a stuffed animal drink soda.
She just put the can to Sakutaro\'s mouth and pretended to tilt it.
But it was great fun for Maria to share the taste of this weird drink that she had gotten for free with Sakutaro...
There was a huge moon in the sky.
At times, that moon had been clouded by tears when Rosa had stayed over at work,
 and Maria had thrown a tantrum and been scolded by her mother.
But this moon was very warm, and it seemed to watch over the two of them as they enjoyed their trip home by themselves...
Maria and Sakutaro.
 ......Ange watched the two of them go from behind.
"........................"
What a...heartwarming sight.
The sight of Maria onee‐chan and Sakutaro walking away together...
made it very difficult to remember the several occasions on which she had spent long nights crying because her mother hadn\'t come home...
......I couldn\'t admit this to Maria onee‐chan,
 ...but if I had been in the same position, even if I had given that stuffed animal the name Sakutarou,
 ...it wouldn\'t have been anything more or less than a stuffed animal.
Anyone can make a relationship which only distracts you from your loneliness.
But Maria onee‐chan was different.
Sakutaro wasn\'t a stuffed animal or a toy.
......He was a real friend, and far from just distracting Maria from her loneliness,
 he changed the nights without her mother into a fun time where they could play all by themselves...
Was it because Sakutarou was a special stuffed animal?
Because her mother had made it herself?
Because it was very, very cute?
......Probably...not.
If there is a secret here, it doesn\'t lie within Sakutarou.
...I think it probably lies within Maria onee‐chan.
".........Is this the power of magic you were talking about, Maria onee‐chan...?"
"Uu.
 To know magic is to notice a lot of friends right beside you who you never noticed before.
 It\'s as fun as having a bunch of new toy shops pop up all over the neighborhood!"
......If I, too, locked up in an academy without a single friend,
 ...had the same kind of power as Maria onee‐chan, I wonder if I could make my days just a bit richer.
I wonder if I would become able to honestly shed tears on the nights I feel like crying—and crack a smile when the nights are gray.
"Yep.
 You could.
 You can, Ange.
 After all, you also have the qualifications to become a witch."
".........The qualifications...to become a witch."
"I also have the qualifications to become a witch.
 So I still have a lot more studying and training to do."
"I know we\'ll become wonderful witches, flying in the sky on our brooms, and drawing rainbows with our wands, making candy fall from the sky.
 I know I can do it.
 And when I do, I\'ll show you too.
 It\'ll be like a scene from a wonderful dream."
Maria onee‐chan said that, making an absolute promise with her smile.
......There\'s no way we can become witches.
 But when I listen to her speak, I can believe that maybe...we really could.
Because the fact is......that on this troubled night, when not a single flower of a smile could bloom, her magic had certainly given birth to a smile.
"......I wonder if I can...
.........become a witch."
"You can.
 ......You got a little bit older, so your soul is slightly bound by gravity.
 So training might be tougher than for me."
"But you definitely can.
 After all, you\'ve already experienced a glimpse of magic."
"I have?
 ......Magic...?"
"Yep.
 Come on, look, I\'m not in this world anymore, but you\'ve summoned me, and you\'re talking with me."
".........This is...magic...?"
"Yep.
 You\'ve filled the fragment of my soul that I left in the diary with magic, keeping me revived."
"Didn\'t I just say it?
 You\'re able to reunite with me, and have a conversation, and show a smile every once in a while, so you must have some magical talent, Ange.
 Maria onee‐chan guarantees it.
 Uu!"
"...You told me just now, Onee‐chan.
 That you\'re actually nearby all the time, even though I\'ve been thinking that I can only see you when I open the diary."
"......If I had more of the power of magic, I could see that,
 ...and, just like now, ......I could have a conversation with you...?
 Any time...?"
"Yep.
 We can talk any time.
 I\'m always by your side to say good morning, and I\'m even there during class.
 Let\'s talk together during boring classes to take your mind off things."
"I can also be someone to talk to during meals, so let\'s always be together like this during lunch break."
"I\'m with you after school too, and of course, I\'m always by your side even when you return to the dormitory.
 ...It\'s just that you never look at me except when you open the diary."
"............Even if I close the diary,
 ...you\'ll be...
by my side, right?"
"Yep.
 I\'ll be there.
 So if you try to {y:1:‘see’}{n:1:see} me and try to talk to me, I can definitely answer.
 ......If you look hard and try to talk."
"............I\'ll...
......give it a try."
"It won\'t be easy, you know?
 It\'s not going to go great right from the start, okay?"
".........I understand.
 I\'m sure it won\'t be easy.
 ......But I...
......want to be like you, Maria onee‐chan........."
"Uu.
 Okay.
 .........Then look at me closely.
 Look hard."
"......Yeah."
"Practice slowly closing your eyes and opening them again.
 ...Don\'t start shutting them for a long time right away.
 Burn me into your eyes, then try to blend that onto the inside of your eyelids..."
".........Yeah,
 ......I\'m doing it."
"Once you can visualize me even with your eyes closed,
 .........without changing anything, slowly and softly close your eyes.
 .........Well?
 Still {y:1:‘see’}{n:1:see} me?"
"Y‐......yes.
 ...I think...I can probably {y:1:‘see’}{n:1:see} you..."
"Okay, open your eyes again for a second.
 .........Time for the real thing.
 Calm your heart, and close the diary.
 ......When you do, I might disappear for a little while."
"But calm your heart and don\'t rush.
 ......Then, try to blend me back from the inside of your eyelids, back into your eyes again.
 ...Slowly visualize me in the empty air.
 ......In the empty air...{y:1:‘see’}{n:1:see} me."
".....................
 ......Okay, I can do this.
 ............Right,
 .........I\'m closing it,
 the diary."
"Uu."
Slowly.........
...I closed the diary.
When I closed the diary, ......a gray reality filled with dull air unfolded.
Of course, Maria onee‐chan\'s form disappeared.
......Give it all you\'ve got, have courage.
...Take the first step into the world of witches.
I felt like Maria onee‐chan was cheering me on inside my heart.
Cheering me on?
 Really?
Isn\'t that just what I\'d like to imagine...?
No, that\'s not it.
I just convince myself that it is...and that\'s why I cannot {y:1:‘see’{n:1:see} her}.
Maria onee‐chan is always by my side.
 And even now, she\'s definitely there, cheering me on to do my best...
And I...can hear it.
 So I mustn\'t ignore it like it\'s my imagination or the inner voice of my own heart......
......Believe...
that Maria onee‐chan is there.
I mustn\'t doubt.
 ...I believe.
Onee‐chan said she\'s always by my side.
I must not doubt that...
But as I faced that empty space, that empty back wall of the school building,
 amidst those almost heartlessly boring rays of sunlight, calling out her name was so much easier said than done...
The chains of common sense which had clung to me until today sneered at me, telling me that calling out to the empty air was ridiculous...
It was almost like being told to take a step forward off the roof of a skyscraper overlooking a sea of lights.
......Maria onee‐chan was telling me.
......That it\'s alright, that I can do it.
Stop thinking that you might fall, or that it would be foolish to take a step off a roof,
 ......and free yourself from those chains of common sense...............
"...............whew.........
 .........haaah, ............
 .....................Yeah..."
I steadied my breathing.
I concentrated my mind.
Make the form of Maria onee‐chan you can see vividly on the inside of your eyelids...rise to the surface in the empty space before you.
.........Understand magic,
 ......and {y:1:‘see’}{n:1:see}...Onee‐chan......
"............Maria...onee‐chan.........!"
"Huh?!
 Is someone there?!"
Suddenly answered by the sound of rustling bushes and a wild cry, I came to my senses.
Apparently I hadn\'t been the only one behind the school building.
No, I\'d been so immersed in the world of the diary that I hadn\'t noticed that someone else had come afterwards.
I recognized a group of three beyond the bushes.
...They were girls from my class.
It felt as though they had come behind the school building to gossip about someone or talk in secret.
I hurried out of that place.
Because if it became known that I had been alone in a place like this, mumbling to myself, it would probably create more things for me to deal with...
"......She said that, right? She did say that?
 "Maria onee‐chan" or something?!"
"Messed up... I think the nutcase is seeing ghosts or something."
"Pfff...*giggle*giggle*giggle*giggle*!
 Ushiromiya‐san is so~ funny...!"
I could hear the shrill, loud laughter from behind.
Irritated and feeling that Maria onee‐chan had been made fun of,
 I left that place at a quick pace, and then a half‐run once I turned the corner.
......And I might have made it to Onee‐chan\'s world with just a little more time......
Frustrating, aggravating... Why does everyone get in my way...
I\'ve never gotten in their way, not even once......!
I ran and ran, but it still felt as though I could hear their shrill laughs......
