{a:c:
"It\'s Natsuhi, please open up...!!"}
Natsuhi yelled as she knocked loudly and repeatedly.
Shortly after, there was a heavy clunking sound, and the sound of the door to Kinzo\'s study unlocking could be heard.
As the door opened, a heavily sweet venomous odor flowed out.
Natsuhi was always ashamed of how she automatically grimaced at that,
 even though she thought it rude to the family head...
Krauss was waiting for her inside the study.
Natsuhi flew into his arms.
"......I‐is Father... ......Is he........."
"Calm yourself.
 ......Doctor Nanjo is examining him now..."
With an uncertain gait, Natsuhi went towards the center of the study, supported by Krauss.
There, a dignified bed fitting for the head of the Ushiromiya family could be seen, along with Nanjo, Genji, and Kumasawa...
"Doctor Nanjo...
 I‐...is Father......"
After sighing deeply, Nanjo left the side of the bed.
On the bed, Kinzo could be seen lying down, sleeping......
".........He died peacefully.
 ...I don\'t think Kinzo‐san had any regrets."
"Ah, ...waaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh...
 Father... Fatheeeeeeeeer...!!"
...Sobbing, Natsuhi put her head against the chest of the man who had fallen into a sleep from which he would never awaken.
"M‐......Madam, ...please, stay strong..."
"Father, Father......!!
 This is...just too sudden......
 Aaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!"
"..............."
Natsuhi couldn\'t stop her tears over the death of Kinzo, whom she had loved like a second father.
Kumasawa rubbed Natsuhi\'s back, consoling her......
Krauss slumped into his late father\'s favorite chair.
By sitting there, he might have been immersing himself in memories of his departed father.
Or perhaps he thought that by sitting there, he might be able to understand just a bit of the madness of Kinzo\'s later years,
 which had eluded him to the end of his father\'s life...
Nanjo turned his back and looked down over the outside world through a crack in the curtains.
It was the same thing he\'d often done when Kinzo sat in that chair contemplating a chess move...
"...If he was to die anyway, it would have been better if he was sick in bed for a year or so before dying.
 I do wish he could have died after a grace period during which the proper arrangements could have been made."
"It\'s the other way around.
 ......We should be glad that he was in high spirits until the very end."
"That will have to be my public stance, yes..."
Nanjo understood that as well.
This was the death of Ushiromiya Kinzo, a man who had risen like a comet and glittered like a supernova in the post‐war world of business.
His funeral would probably be of a fantastic scale.
And it would also be the ceremony marking Krauss\'s inheritance of the headship.
He would have to arrange everything as the host of the event, carry out funeral diplomacy perfectly,
 and make it clear that the Ushiromiya family would still hold enormous influence in the political and financial spheres.
As Nanjo watched Krauss, he was vividly reminded of the time when Kinzo had been suddenly selected as the Ushiromiya family head,
 a time in which Kinzo had been lost and confused.
Nanjo could remember that well, and for that reason, he was able to understand Krauss\'s distress and sympathize with it...
Natsuhi\'s sobs eventually subsided.
Seeing this, and leaving Kumasawa to care for Natsuhi as a fellow woman, Genji returned to Krauss.
And he lowered his head slightly, as though asking what should be done.
"......Genji‐san and I will deal with the formalities.
 Krauss‐san, perhaps you should contact the relatives first."
".................."
Krauss, with his hands still over his eyes, didn\'t respond...
Perhaps even though he had known this day would come, Krauss really couldn\'t hide his shock at how suddenly it had reached them.
"......Leave this to Doctor Nanjo and me.
 Krauss‐sama, I suggest that you first speak with Madam."
Maybe she heard that, or maybe it was a coincidence.
As though responding to Genji\'s words, Natsuhi came over.
Her eyes were red from crying so much,
 but she apparently understood the heavy responsibility that had been imposed on the two of them even better than Krauss did.
"As of now, you are the head of the glorious Ushiromiya family.
 Let us show our relatives and the world that you have splendidly succeeded your father.
 ......As your wife, I am prepared to serve you until the day our coffins are laid down alongside each other."
".................."
Trying to encourage her husband who was overcome with shock, Natsuhi lent him some reassuring words.
When Krauss finally lowered the hands that had been covering his face,
 ...he looked up at the ceiling with a blank expression and let out a deep, deep sigh...
"......Please, stay strong.
 There are a great many people who will intend on helping themselves to everything Father has left behind.
 We must fight to protect Father\'s honor and wealth.
 That is the first responsibility of the Ushiromiya head."
"...I understand.
 I do understand."
"Doctor Nanjo, Genji, please take care of the legal and funeral arrangements.
 Especially you, Genji.
 I ask that you take particular care and see to it that the funeral will be a fitting one for Father."
"......Certainly."
"And Doctor Nanjo.
 Father didn\'t pass away in a hospital, ......so..."
"Yes.
 An autopsy might indeed be required depending on the circumstances......"
"Is there anything you might be able to do about it...?
 Even though he has passed away, Father\'s body is precious.
 Any damage to it would not be acceptable..."
"I understand how you feel.
 ...However, it is important to follow proper procedure where things like this are concerned.
 And, umm, ......I don\'t really know how to say this.
 I fear that several of your relatives might be difficult..."
......There was no way to know what those inheritance vultures might try to find fault with.
They might squawk that there was something suspicious about the cause of death, and use that as a point of contention to start some trouble.
Right now, not only was it important to pay Kinzo\'s remains the respect they were due, but there was also a need to focus on solidifying the position of the new family head, Krauss...
"......I understand.
 In that case, please keep it to an absolute minimum.
 And whatever you do, please make absolutely sure that Father\'s dignity remains unharmed."
"That I can assure you.
 Please don\'t worry.
 ......In any event, leave Kinzo‐san to us and stay by Krauss‐san\'s side.
 ...Things are only going to get tougher for him."
"I understand.
 ......And you too, dear...please stay strong."
".................."
Krauss was still staring lazily at the ceiling with a befuddled expression on his face...
Natsuhi understood the shock and heavy responsibility.
She felt that she understood her husband\'s feelings as well as anyone possibly could.
"......I will contact the relatives.
 Please rest for the time being."
"............"
Krauss didn\'t respond.
...Natsuhi thought that he was being a little bit weak, but that just made it all the more important for her to support him right now.
Seeing her husband like this actually stirred Natsuhi up, and a resolute expression rose to her face.
"Things are going to get busy.
 Let\'s get started with whatever we can do right now.
 .........I\'m sure my husband wants to have some time alone with Father.
 We should step out for the time being."
"......Yes, I think that would be best...
 After all, I expect this will be the only time he\'ll have."
Being in charge of a funeral is tiring work.
 There\'s no time to shed tears.
If Krauss were ever to be given time to cry for his dead father, that time would have to be now.
Everyone agreed with Kumasawa\'s words.
Even then, Krauss continued to lazily gaze up at the ceiling and didn\'t respond in any way.
Natsuhi urged the servants to go.
"I\'ll go talk to Jessica too.
 ......She is the successor to the head now.
 I\'ll have to impress upon her that she needs to be appropriately aware of it."
{a:c:
"Wait."}
As they each started to make their way out of the study, Krauss finally spoke.
They stopped walking.
"Yes?"
"......Wait."
".........Yes??"
Hadn\'t she already stopped walking, just like her husband had asked?
But despite that, he had once again told her to wait.
From those slightly weak words, Natsuhi understood that he had probably stopped her because he wanted her to be by his side.
"The rest of you, downstairs.
 I will stay with my husband.
 Please call us on the phone if anything happens."
"......Certainly."
{e:150:"I said wait!!"}
When Krauss suddenly raised his voice, everyone jumped and turned around...
Unable to comprehend what she had done to spark her husband\'s wrath, Natsuhi ran up to him.
"What\'s wrong, dear...
 Have I said something rude...?
 If so, please forgive me."
"No, no, that\'s not it, that\'s not it...
 Wait a second, give me some time."
"Yes, I understand.
 It\'s important to have time to sort things out inside your heart.
 ...We were just going to leave quietly to give you the time you need..."
"And I\'m telling you to wait before doing that......
 ......Listen, just no one move.
 Not even an inch...
 ......If you\'re tired, then feel free to sit in whatever chair or sofa you want.
 So just stay quiet and shut up in silence, don\'t do anything, just stay right there!"
......Those unreasonable words felt like a glimpse of how Kinzo used to be.
Natsuhi couldn\'t hide a slight surprise at those words, which made it seem as though Kinzo had possessed her husband.
Natsuhi told the servants to wait for the time being.
She ordered them to sit in a sofa a short distance off, approached her husband, and spoke to him in a small voice...
"......If you order it, I will wait however long you ask. I won\'t move.
 So please, try and calm yourself..."
"...No, ......that\'s not it, that\'s not it..."
Was it really his father\'s blood, or was he actually being possessed?
Krauss\'s disorderly style of speech strongly resembled Kinzo\'s...
As she watched this, Natsuhi felt with even greater certainty that Krauss was indeed Kinzo\'s son,
 and that he was the true successor to the head, more suitable than any other person.
".........Natsuhi.
 Over here."
Krauss stood up and headed towards the window, trying to lengthen the distance between himself and the servants waiting on the sofa by even a small amount.
Natsuhi realized that he must have something secret that he wanted to talk about.
"...Yes, dear?
 ......What is it...?"
"............Dad dying...
would be bad."
"Would be? But he has already passed away.
 We can\'t change reality..."
"That\'s not it.
 ...Now is...a bad time..."
"......What do you mean?"
"I\'ve been putting Dad\'s fortune up as collateral.
 Once the issue of dividing the inheritance comes up, I won\'t be able to hide it...!"
"Wh‐...what...?
 C‐collateral, you say?
 How much...?"
"...You remember how I helped out Kondo‐kun with Melody Land?"
"Didn\'t I tell you to break ties with that person?
 You told me you\'d refused him...!
 Why?!"
"There is such a thing as a man\'s honor!
 I couldn\'t refuse!"
Krauss claimed to hold honor as a virtue.
...However, Natsuhi knew that he most often used this as an excuse after he couldn\'t bring himself to pass up a deal.
"Th‐that wouldn\'t be a problem if we had plenty of money on hand...!
 But didn\'t you borrow quite a lot of money for the plan to turn this island into a resort?!"
"Yeah, I did!
 And there were people here and there who lent me a hand along the way!
 If I\'m going to repay them, I can\'t just sit around on my hands!"
"You need money to repay people!
 You need money to make money!
 You can\'t even get started without money!
 And even the plan for this island would be proceeding smoothly if only there hadn\'t been problems with the planning company!"
"I had the cooperation of government officials.
 I even had the governor\'s personal guarantee that this would become the newest travel destination in the Tokyo Metropolis!
 The groundwork I laid was completely perfect!!
 Random chance and bad timing were against me!
 It was just a bit of bad luck.
 Like a traffic accident!!"
"That was no accident!
 It was fraud!
 You were tricked!!
 They were never drawing up plans for making this island a resort in the first place!!"
"That\'s not true!!
 Hijikata‐kun\'s vision was simply overflowing with foresight!
 The way his eyes always focused on the whole world and the future taught me that things I always believed to be mere dreams were only the tip of the iceberg of what is possible!!
 Expand your dreams! To the whole world, to the future!
 You heard him say that too, didn\'t you?!"
"Yes, I did...! And I think I remember telling you what I thought after we returned home!!
 I said that he was suspicious!
 That he only spoke of dreams and didn\'t have his feet planted on the ground,
 and that you must not have any further relations with him!!"
"Hijikata‐kun is a wonderful, pleasant young man!!
 One could learn a lot from the way he lives!
 I can respect him despite his youth!
 I won\'t have you insulting him!!"
"That\'s what you said about the whole moon tourism thing!!
 You kept saying it was visionary, that it looked to the future, that it had high aspirations, and what was the end result?!
 Eventually, even you yourself admitted that it was utter nonsense!!
 I was sure something was wrong from the moment that strange man showed up claiming to be a high‐ranking NASA official!"
"The only issue was that foreigner who was an international swindler!
 Mr. Sonezaki and I were both victims of that incident.
 Even now, his vision isn\'t mistaken!
 There will definitely come a time when space tourism will become a popular indulgence for the world\'s richest.
 And the very first enterprise in that area will probably be monopolized by a single, private company.
 That viewpoint is not mistaken!
 There is simply a group of international swindlers who are trying to take advantage of that fact and deceive investors across the world—"
"And I\'m trying to tell you that this Sonezaki man was one of them too!!
 Just how gullible are you? Why do you always just accept these suspicious offers without any doubts?!!"
"Take that back!
 Mr. Sonezaki is a man with a brilliant future ahead of him!
 There\'s nothing suspicious about him!!
 Because the dreams he speaks of anticipate the future, they sound crazy to people who can\'t look that far ahead!
 A woman like you can\'t see into the future!!"
"Yes, a woman like me can\'t see into the future!!
 But I can see the present!
 Right in front of me, I can see a pitiful husband who\'s been taken in by sly, double‐crossing swindlers and still trusts them implicitly even after he\'s been tricked!!"
"Oh, shut up!!
 You don\'t understand anything about money or business or economics!!
 Don\'t try to butt in on the job of the husband!!
 All a wife needs to do is the housework!
 You just keep quiet!!!"
"...............!
 ........."
Without another word, Natsuhi fell silent, just as Krauss wanted.
She was already far beyond anger and sadness.
And the emotion that lay on the other side of those...was an almost indifferent pity.
Krauss had always been frightened of Kinzo since the days of his youth, and had come to subconsciously admire the way his father lived.
...Without realizing it, he had come to believe that he could only be recognized as a man in his own right if he surpassed his father.
However, Kinzo had been a mad genius, the likes of which had never before been seen in the Ushiromiya family\'s long history.
His talent was a gift from heaven,
 ......and it definitely wasn\'t genetic, much less something that could be learned.
Natsuhi instructed the servants not to tell anyone about Kinzo\'s death,
 and dismissed everyone for the time being, to give the two of them a chance to talk alone.
Then, she invited Krauss to her bedroom,
 ......and made him tell her everything about their current financial situation.
They were things that Natsuhi hadn\'t been told about under the assumption that a woman had no business knowing.
Natsuhi had herself made a point of avoiding this area in the past, thinking that it wasn\'t a wife\'s place to intrude on such matters.
However, this might also have meant that she had been remiss in her duty as a wife to protect her family.
The depths of this sin had been made quite clear to Natsuhi...
Krauss was probably tired of trying to defend himself.
Perhaps because he had gotten a headache, he hid his face and sank into silence...
Natsuhi noticed that the water in the electric kettle was boiling and stood up to refill her cup with black tea.
And when she touched the cup of black tea, she noticed for the first time.
The sound of the cup and saucer clinking together told her that her fingers were shaking...
Krauss had built up a large debt to obtain funds for his various projects...and to cover the losses when they failed.
Of course, he had put the mansion and property up as collateral.
However, doing such a thing above board would have resulted in the mortgage being registered.
In other words, there would have been a record that Krauss had put Kinzo\'s wealth up as collateral to obtain a loan without anyone\'s permission.
Krauss couldn\'t afford for Kinzo, Eva, and the others to learn of such a thing.
Therefore, he had been putting those assets up as collateral using the worst possible method.
".........I signed over the deeds and power of attorney..."
"And...what does that mean......?"
What Krauss was saying probably meant that he had, in essence, signed away the rights to their assets.
If those assets had been used as collateral for a loan, then Krauss would have had some options under the law.
He would have had to deal with a bank, which would have absolutely no compassion,
 but they would have been able to work something out within the rules set by society.
......However, signing away the deed and power of attorney was a whole different story.
In short, even the mansion they were living in was at risk.
 If the person holding the deed were to decide to ignore his agreement with Krauss and sell the mansion to a third party right this moment, they would have no recourse whatsoever.
Far from using their house as collateral for a loan, this was basically the same as selling it to borrow money...
"...In other words, ...the moneylenders have the power to make or break the Ushiromiya family as they please.
 If they were to suddenly sell our house on some slight whim,
 ......we\'d have to pack our bags and leave right now, wouldn\'t we...?"
"That is technically true.
 However, all of the people I have arrangements with are very reputable.
 They aren\'t loan sharks.
 These are transactions based on trust between economically literate men."
"I trust them.
 And they, in turn, trust that by lending me money, I will achieve great success in business and give them massive returns on their investment.
 I signed over the power of attorney as a sign of good faith and so that they wouldn\'t have to doubt in the certain success of my enterprises."
"What happens if I hesitate now?
 Wouldn\'t that mean even I have no confidence in my own ventures?!"
".................."
If your ventures had been successful, we wouldn\'t be in debt now, would we...
...Natsuhi only barely stopped herself from saying it.
"......Father is dead.
 What happens next?
 Your debt will be exposed to the light of day, and your siblings will hold you responsible?"
"............That won\'t be all.
 ......It will probably lead to criminal charges..."
"C‐criminal charges......
 Wh‐why is that......?"
".........It\'s better if you don\'t know.
 ......The point is...we can\'t allow anyone to find out about this......"
"..............."
Krauss looked at the floor shamefully, shaking his head over and over......
If it would come to criminal charges, ...then he must have broken some laws.
He had probably been so intent on raising a large sum of money that he hadn\'t paid any heed to appearances.
......Krauss had seriously believed that his many projects would definitely succeed and return huge profits.
So he had figured that even if he broke a few laws, he would be able to pay everything back before too long and pretend that the whole thing had never happened.
......This might have lessened his resistance towards breaking a couple laws.
And now Kinzo\'s death, the worst possible thing, had occurred, and soon he wouldn\'t be able to keep it all hidden......
"......What will happen to us?"
"Th‐there is no need to worry...
 You may not believe, but conditions are most certainly on the rise now.
 The value of the city real estate I invested in is rising rapidly."
"I have a project in progress to consolidate those and construct a massive business tower.
 This is the most reliable of all my investments so far, and it\'s proving to be the most successful."
"......However, it will take a little more time for it to bear fruit.
 It\'s absolutely certain to do so, but it will not happen immediately..."
"......Will the success of that venture be enough to pay back our debts?"
"Of course it will.
 I\'ll be able to write off all of the debt I\'ve accumulated so far...!!
 So believe me.
 I only need a little more time!"
"But Father has already passed away!
 We don\'t have that kind of time anymore!"
"I know, I know that...!!
 That\'s why...I have to obtain money from somewhere and pay off those debts right now!"
"I need money, that\'s what it comes down to...
 Money, a lot of it, right now!!
 Aaaaaaaaarrrrgghhhhhh...!!"
Krauss roared and clutched his head, writhing about as if in pain.
As Natsuhi watched, several conflicting emotions swirled about in her chest.
She felt pity for her husband, but at the same time, she felt he was a fool.
......And she also felt a mixture of anger and regret towards her own irresponsibility in letting her husband run wild for so long.
It should have been clear to him well before today that they were in a very critical situation.
And yet he had irresponsibly waited for this moment to come and was now writhing about.
......Her husband was so foolish......and pitiful.
It was easy to feel frustrated with him.
 ......However, she was his wife.
For a wife to ridicule her husband as a fool would run in conflict with her responsibilities.
...If he was a fool, then she would have to support him to compensate...
However, she didn\'t have a clue what she was meant to do about this...
If there was a massive amount of money like that within easy reach,
 there was no way that Krauss wouldn\'t have already laid his hands on it......
It would also be easy to tell him to be a man and give up on everything.
But that would also run in conflict with her responsibilities.
She was Ushiromiya Natsuhi.
......The woman who had become Krauss\'s wife and sworn to support him, the new head of the Ushiromiya family, for as long as she lived.
She had to somehow help her husband in his efforts to raise money.
......She understood it logically.
But she couldn\'t suppress the indescribable feeling of dejection that seemed to rise up from the dark depths of her heart......
"That\'s right, D‐Dad\'s hidden gold...!
 Ten tons of gold is worth 20 billion yen!
 If I had that...
 That\'s right, if I had that, everything could be resolved...!"
"Natsuhi, that\'s it! The witch\'s epitaph!
 Let\'s solve that, let\'s solve it together!
 If we can just find the gold, everything will work itself out!!
 That\'s right, it must be hidden somewhere on this island!!
 If we had that, if we had that!!"
"Y‐you\'re hurting me...
 Dear,
 ......p‐please, stop this......"
Krauss, acting as excited as if he\'d thought up a perfect, brilliant plan, grasped Natsuhi\'s upper arm tightly.
Natsuhi couldn\'t help but be dumbfounded.
It wasn\'t just because she\'d heard something as fake‐sounding as the hidden gold brought up.
Krauss usually disparaged the story of the hidden gold,
 saying that it didn\'t exist and that it was all a fiction his father had created to borrow a lot of money.
Natsuhi was doubly taken aback because of this...
"I know, let\'s have Jessica help us too.
 Maybe some things can only be solved with the sense of a child!
 This is a family crisis.
 All of us have to stick together!!"
"Yes, it\'s just a fanciful little puzzle that Dad created...!!
 We should be able to solve it... There\'s no way we can\'t solve it...!
 It\'s the only way!!"
"Oh, Natsuhi, this is wonderful,
 we still have an option left, and right here next to us!!
 The gold is on this island!!
 If we had it, everything would be resolved!"
"Waha, wahahahahahahahahahahaha!!
 Natsuhi, call Jessica here right away!
 Let\'s overcome this family crisis as a family!!
 Yes, right now!!
 The gold is on this island, it\'s right beside us!!
 ......Wah!!"
Natsuhi knocked Krauss aside, unable to withstand the pain in the arm he was twisting in his excitement.
Krauss tripped over the edge of the bed and flopped pathetically onto the floor...
"P‐please get ahold of yourself!!
 And please calm down...!!
 Do you really think that this Ushiromiya family crisis......could be solved by saying something as dream‐like as that...?!!"
"N‐.........Natsuhi........."
"Please, cool your head off and think of a realistic plan to gather money...!!
 I\'m going to go cool my head off as well......!"
"...Wait......Natsuhi......"
Maybe falling over had knocked the sense back into him.
Krauss tried to tell Natsuhi to stop, but she just kept walking.
Closing the door forcefully, Natsuhi dashed away......
Natsuhi ran through the corridor.
She didn\'t want anyone to see her like this, but she ran headlong into Genji......
"......My deepest apologies.
 Madam, have you been injured...?"
"I, I\'m alright.
 Leave me alone...!!"
".........Certainly."
"Oh, ......Genji.
 ...What\'s the state of Father\'s study?"
"......It is just as you left it.
 Doctor Nanjo is in the parlor."
"I see...
 ......Do you have the key to the study?"
"Yes.
 Right here."
"Give it to me.
 ...Let me have some time alone with Father.
 If my husband asks where I am, tell him you don\'t know."
"......Certainly."
After grabbing the key to the study that Genji was holding out to her, Natsuhi rushed up the stairs.
She then flew into the study,
 ......and finally, ...she cried out loud.
".........Father......
 Please forgive our foolishness...!!
 My husband and I...
...aren\'t capable of inheriting all that you created...!
 Please......please,
 ............forgive us for our foolishness and our crimes...
 And,
 ...if you can forgive us,
 .........please guide the way for us fools......"
Clinging to Kinzo as he slept in the bed, Natsuhi cried even harder.
She kept imagining Kinzo sitting up suddenly and patting her head.
No, Father isn\'t the type of person to pamper...
More likely, he\'d yell at me to stop being so noisy.
......However, neither of these imaginations would come true.
...Because it was an undeniable fact that Kinzo had entered an eternal sleep.
But even so, Natsuhi begged the sleeping Kinzo to forgive and help them...
It had only been a few hours since his passing.
Perhaps his soul was still here, listening to her.
......Believing this, Natsuhi begged for Kinzo\'s forgiveness and help even more earnestly......
{a:c:
"Noisy woman.
 Don\'t I always say that I value silence?"}
".........Huh—"
That voice made Natsuhi jump up in surprise.
When she faced in the direction that the voice had come from, .........she saw Kinzo sitting at the study desk, folding up his reading glasses...
"Did you get in a fight with Krauss again?
 ......Neglecting his wife...that Krauss only inherited my bad traits."
"F‐.........Father......"
"......What a wretched‐looking face.
 Wash it.
 Aren\'t you the wife of the successor to the Ushiromiya family?
 You mustn\'t let the servants see you wear such a shameful expression."
"Y‐......yes, Father...
 ...My apologies......"
......Natsuhi understood.
This was just an illusion, ...one that Natsuhi had created from her desire to speak with Kinzo and her memories of the man as he once was.
No, that\'s not it...
......She believed that just for now, Kinzo\'s soul had shown itself to her.
She was sure that doubting this would cause it to vanish in an instant...
"It seems that a family crisis has arisen the very instant the headship was passed on..."
"Y‐...yes, Father......
 I wasn\'t able to support my husband...
 ......I am truly...very sorry......"
"Hmph.
 The Ushiromiya family is so very cursed.
 It was in a terrible state when I succeeded the headship too.
 The hardships you two are suffering are trivial in comparison."
Kinzo\'s succession to the family headship came suddenly.
At the time, he was nothing more than a young man from one of the branch families, far separated from the Ushiromiya main family.
The main family might have had honor and tradition, but that was of no relevance at all to Kinzo, and he couldn\'t have cared less.
Then, the principal members of the main family were wiped out in the Great Kanto Earthquake, along with their businesses.
On top of that, there was a complicated antagonism between the members of the family at the time,
 and the elders were all trying to impose their will on the others in that sinking ship.
Because of this, they weren\'t even able to elect a leader to rebuild the Ushiromiya family.
They found common ground by selecting Kinzo, a youth with absolutely no ties to any of the opposing elders, to be the head.
So the elders hadn\'t really entrusted Kinzo with the rebuilding of the Ushiromiya family.
Kinzo had been nothing more than their puppet, with his arms and legs being pulled in opposite directions......
".........Yes.
 ...I know a lot about your days of suffering, Father."
"And then the war started.
 I was already tired of life at that point.
 I hoped to die on the battlefield, but I wasn\'t sent to the front lines.
 ......However, the state of the war grew worse with every day, and the time for the decisive battle on the Japanese mainland seemed to grow ever closer.
 As bad as it might sound, I hoped that day would come quickly..."
It was said that as Kinzo listened to Death\'s approaching footsteps day in and day out,
 ...he started cutting his ties with this world one by one.
And then, on that day when he had freed himself from all his attachments to life, and reached a state of enlightenment......
...he had a mystical experience.
......And he met her.
The Golden Witch, {f:5:Beatrice}......
"I made a contract with the witch and was given gold and the power of madness.
 ......On that day, the old me died, and a new me possessing the insane power of magic was born."
"...I know.
 And after the war,
 you used your ingenious cunning to revive the Ushiromiya family."
The now‐deceased elders who knew Kinzo at the time...
had whispered to each other that Kinzo must have taken a knock to the head on the battlefield and returned with a different personality...
That was how much Kinzo stood out after the war.
Whether the story about Kinzo meeting a witch was true or not,
 there could be no doubt that the extraordinary experience of war had prepared him for death...and let him reach a state of enlightenment.
Natsuhi must surely have felt that if Kinzo had decided to describe that resulting mystical experience as a meeting with a witch, that wasn\'t something she could flatly dispute...
"......That\'s right.
 ...You returned from the war,
 conquered the witch {f:5:Beatrice}, and became the head of the Ushiromiya family in the truest sense..."
"Correct.
 Before I met {f:5:Beatrice}, I was nothing more than a puppet and only the head in name.
 ......I only became the head after conquering the Golden Witch."
"......Father......
 Will this...Golden Witch...aid my husband Krauss now that he\'s the new head...?"
"Oh, she will.
 Assuming that he has truly succeeded the headship."
"Wh‐what do you mean by "truly succeeded"......?"
"I mean it depends on whether he bears the responsibility and pride of the Ushiromiya family head in the truest sense.
 ...Natsuhi, you should understand this.
 The headship is not inherited by blood.
 It is inherited through spirit and conviction.
 ......Even though Krauss is my eldest son, he cannot be called the true head if he does not possess these things!"
"And even someone other than Krauss would make a splendid new head so long as that spirit dwelled in their heart.
 The Golden Witch {f:5:Beatrice} will lend her power to that true head.
 .........Isn\'t that right, {f:5:Beatrice}?!!"
When Kinzo called the witch\'s name, ......gold butterflies seethed out of every corner of the room.
This fantastical scene had an otherworldly beauty to it.
It was like standing in the midst of a blizzard of golden flower petals being blown about a rose garden of gold.
As Natsuhi stared at this scene in shock, the gold butterflies gathered and formed a human shape...
Then, ......the witch of the portrait appeared...
"Indeed.
 I am the Ushiromiya family alchemist, the Golden Witch {f:5:Beatrice}.
 ......I am free to run rampant!
 I do not listen to anyone\'s orders."
"And there\'s only one person in the world who can control her.
 Me.
 ......That is why I am qualified to be the Ushiromiya family head."
"Hmph.
 So that pride of yours is what qualifies you to be the head?"
"Pride implies self‐confidence and bravery.
 And, it is the embodiment of the insatiable desire to gain the power to match.
 ...That is why I control you."
".........It is quite pleasant to watch men who speak of pride as they turn that desire into reality.
 The "quiet man of action" is nothing more than an excuse used by the extremely lucky.
 ...A true monarch also speaks of what he doesn\'t have.
 And he makes sure to turn that arrogance, that pride, into reality.
 ......If one is to control me, they must possess that monarch\'s pride."
"Do you understand, Natsuhi?
 A true monarch fears no hardship.
 They declare that they will overcome anything without fail.
 Even if they haven\'t yet figured out how.
 This gives hope to the weak people.
 They gather, revere the monarch, and swear to assist him.
 That is where power is gained and his word is carried out.
 Engrave that into your heart."
"Y‐.........yes, Father......"
Natsuhi understood.
Through this mystical experience, ...Kinzo was teaching her the attitude required to overcome hardship.
 ...Even after his own death.
Feeling a warm sensation rise up in her chest, she let the valuable words Kinzo had given her echo through her mind over and over.
......A true monarch,
 ...in other words,
 the true head of the Ushiromiya family...was not to fear hardship.
They had to believe that they could overcome any hardship...
 If they could not believe themselves capable, then there was no reason why they would be...
.........Natsuhi suddenly felt very ashamed of the way she had come into this room,
 sobbing and asking Kinzo what to do...
"I......was foolish..."
"..............."
"...Of course there\'s no time for crying when an Ushiromiya family crisis is upon us.
 And now that we have inherited the Ushiromiya family from you, Father, we must protect its honor no matter what."
"Hoh.
 ......Even though you can\'t even draw a blueprint on how to repay Krauss\'s debts?"
As {f:5:Beatrice} laughed unpleasantly,
 ......no, that wasn\'t it.
She was testing Natsuhi, to see whether she possessed the mental readiness to be a true monarch.
Natsuhi didn\'t hesitate anymore.
She answered clearly, gazing into {f:5:Beatrice}\'s eyes.
"Yes.
 At this moment, I have not yet discovered the method that we should pursue.
 However, my husband is the new head of the Ushiromiya family, and I am his supporting wife.
 So in my husband\'s place, I will proclaim it."
"Let us hear it."
"Ushiromiya Krauss and Natsuhi will definitely overcome these trials and protect the honor of the Ushiromiya family.
 You have nothing to worry about, Father."
"......You do know the scope of Krauss\'s debt, as well as the disastrous state things are in?"
"Yes.
 Things could hardly be worse—we could even be ordered to leave this mansion tomorrow, and we wouldn\'t be able to refuse.
 Once the distribution of the inheritance comes up, his relatives might even file a criminal complaint against us."
"However, there is no need to worry.
 We will repay all of the debts before then and restore our honor."
As she stood at attention with a resolute attitude,
 Natsuhi proclaimed this clearly with Ushiromiya Kinzo and {f:5:Beatrice} as witnesses.
For a while,
 they remained silent, as though weighing Natsuhi\'s resolve.
Then Kinzo chuckled and turned away...
"......How vexing.
 ...Why couldn\'t this person have been my son..."
"The very fact that a woman with such a disposition married your son is another sign of your great luck."
"............
 {f:5:Beatrice}.
 This is my final order."
"Now that you are no longer the head, I am not obligated to obey your orders."
"Hoh.
 In that case, obey the orders of the new Ushiromiya family head."
"You are no longer the head, and Krauss is not yet the head.
 Whom are you suggesting that I serve?"
"I will leave that to you.
 It is up to you to decide who is qualified to succeed the Ushiromiya family head, and who is fitting to bear the mark of the One‐winged Eagle.
 ......You will be witness."
"I refuse.
 I won\'t listen to the orders of a man who isn\'t the head."
"No, this is different.
 This is a will.
 The last order that the head left behind for you."
"......*cackle*.
 Then it seems I will have to obey.
 What a good friend I am."
"I think not."
"Hoh?"
"You\'re only doing this because it caught your interest."
"I can\'t hide anything from you, can I?"
"Natsuhi."
"Yes, Father..."
"Go and overcome your hardship."
"...Y‐.........yes."
To Natsuhi, that might have been nothing more than a simple response,
 but to Kinzo and {f:5:Beatrice}, it seemed to carry much greater significance.
{f:5:Beatrice} nodded deeply,
 and with a motion as elegant as her dress, she bowed deeply before Natsuhi...
"The Ushiromiya family alchemist, the Golden Witch {f:5:Beatrice}, right here.
 I will give you my aid so that the Ushiromiya family can overcome crisis once again..."
"......Thank you.
 I will need your power.
 We will most certainly overcome these trials."
"I will not hold back on my support for your cause, but there is something I must warn you about beforehand.
 I understand that your troubles now could be solved if I were to bestow a vast quantity of gold again, like I did when I saved Kinzo from his crisis.
 However, that is something I cannot do."
".........I see."
"Sorry, Natsuhi.
 The contract for {f:5:Beatrice}\'s gold stated that it cannot be inherited.
 It was agreed that it could only be passed on to another if that person solves the witch\'s epitaph."
"The gold is sealed away by the epitaph.
 As long as that is not solved, I cannot give you the magic of gold."
".........I understand.
 Then I shall search for another method by which we can save ourselves from this crisis.
 ......My husband said that his plan would take time, but he also said that it would definitely be sufficient to repay our debts.
 If we can buy enough time for that to happen, we will be able to overcome this trial."
"Good, Natsuhi.
 Continue."
"But Kinzo is already dead.
 The doctor and servants are preparing his funeral,
 and you will be contacting the family members about it.
 The window of opportunity for you to raise money will be closed by your own hand.
 *cackle*cackle*, how charming is a guillotine where you lower the blade yourself..."
"..................Ah—"
Natsuhi gasped and looked up at the ceiling.
There wasn\'t actually anything there.
......But even so, Natsuhi had found something.
"So, ......the magical power has descended."
"Natsuhi.
 ......Have you made up your mind?
 What magic of miracles do you desire from me?"
......All of those who had witnessed Kinzo\'s corpse were once again gathered in the study.
Krauss was still very unsettled and clutching at his head.
Genji was as expressionless as ever.
Nanjo and Kumasawa wore bewildered expressions on their faces.
But in stark contrast to all of them, Natsuhi\'s expression was resolute.
"Dear, let me ask you one more time.
 Your plan for raising money is absolutely certain?"
"......Y‐......yes.
 Give it a year, ...no, just half a year, and it will certainly bear fruit!
 But it\'s just impossible to hope for anything right this second......"
"Then we will wait."
"B‐but you said it yourself.
 ......Dad is already dead......"
"Father hasn\'t passed away.
 As you can see, he is as healthy as ever."
When Natsuhi said this, everyone looked up instantly, startled.
...Because they immediately understood what those words meant...
However, Krauss alone didn\'t get it right away and had to ask.
"What......
do you mean by that......?
 Dad is right there,
 and he\'s......"
"I will say it again.
 Father is still in good health.
 He is busy with his research, so he\'ll be even less able to leave his study than usual.
 Because of this, we must handle all external affairs ourselves,
 so that Father can devote himself to his research without being burdened by meaningless tasks."
"In short, nothing will change from the way things have been up until now.
 .........Do you understand, Genji?"
"...............Yes.
 ...The furniture of the One‐winged Eagle will continue to serve the Master."
"Kumasawa.
 And you, Doctor Nanjo.
 Do you understand what I\'m saying?"
"......Oh, ...uh, ......ummm..."
"I‐......is this really what you want to do, Natsuhi‐san......?"
"It may be true that Father passed away today.
 But if everyone here right now believes, we can use magic to revive Father."
"I‐it\'s impossible, Madam...
 That\'s just too much...!"
"The time of death will be determined during the autopsy.
 We can\'t stop it from looking suspicious...!"
"Father will not pass away, so there will be no reason for there to be an autopsy."
Of course, she wasn\'t planning to make Kinzo live forever.
The fake life given to Kinzo would only last until Krauss could repay his debts.
After that, Kinzo\'s soul would finally be able to sleep in peace.
Nanjo repeated himself that the time of death would be discovered during the autopsy, but Natsuhi said again that this wouldn\'t be a problem.
"Father will not pass away by being reported dead."
"A‐.........ah, I see.
 ......He\'ll be reported missing...!!"
After clapping his hands together, Krauss stood up, shaking his fists.
"Yes.
 Once we\'ve managed to pay back the debt and finish the preparations to lay Father to rest, we will then announce that Father has disappeared."
Rokkenjima\'s vast, uncultivated forest was the perfect place to stage a disappearance.
One day, Kinzo would go out to the forest for a walk and never return.
 ......They would search for him without success and then be forced to report his disappearance...
"If he disappears, we can file a report of his death even without a corpse.
 In other words, we can conceal the time of death!
 What do you think, Doctor Nanjo?!
 There won\'t be any problems this way!"
"Y‐......yes, I can see the logic, but......"
"...Are you sure about this, Madam...?
 Y‐yes, if all of us can keep quiet, then perhaps we could keep it a secret that the Master has passed away...!
 But there are so many ways that one of us could slip up and allow someone to find out...!!"
"Kumasawa.
 Keep your voice down.
 ......Have you forgotten that Father is sleeping right over there?
 Are you trying to wake him?"
It isn\'t a corpse.
 ...Kinzo...is sleeping.
As Natsuhi said that,
 ......Kinzo lay quietly on the bed, as though there was nothing at all odd about her words.
"Come, try to remember.
 What form did you have?
 What sort of life did you enjoy?!"
Once again, a storm of gold butterflies started to swirl, covering Kinzo\'s cold body...
Then, after the butterflies exploded into fine gold powder and disappeared,
 .........just like those fairy tales that have been told over and over since long ago, ......Kinzo slowly opened his eyes and sat up...
".........F‐......Father......!!"
"......Natsuhi.
 Let me first make one thing clear.
 I did not coax you into doing this because I have an attachment to life."
"You liar.
 Don\'t tell me you didn\'t anticipate this at least a little.
 How does it feel, Kinzo?
 How is your body?"
"It isn\'t bad, but it feels somewhat like being in a dream.
 I feel light."
"A being not permitted to remain in this world still remains here.
 You\'ll have to accept a little discomfort."
"...Is your body truly alright?!
 Are you really...alright...?!"
"Mm.
 Actually, this feels quite pleasant.
 ......If this is what the world after death feels like, playing the part of a ghost might not be so bad."
"How is this, Natsuhi?
 Kinzo has revived.
 That means a funeral is unnecessary.
 Your hardship has been resolved!"
"......B‐{f:5:Beatrice}..."
As Natsuhi tried to find words of gratitude,
 {f:5:Beatrice} waggled her index finger and spoke.
"There is no need for thanks.
 A ruler should be proud.
 I do not pay heed to requests, but I do follow orders."
"I\'ll say it even so.
 ......Thank you.
 This way, ......you\'ve bought some time for my husband...
 ......We will handle the rest."
"Be warned, Natsuhi.
 Kinzo may have revived, but that is not an eternal thing.
 It will only continue as long as my magic does."
"......Be warned that the anti‐magic toxin might destroy the magic.
 You must understand the laws of magic correctly and work hard to maintain it.
 I can show you a miracle, but it is your role to grasp it and hold it together."
"Of course.
 We won\'t neglect the miracle you have given us."
"Very good.
 ...I see... It seems masters do need to be changed every once in a while, just like floor mats.
 *cackle*cackle*!
 I like it.
 I shall serve you."
"Ushiromiya Natsuhi!
 I am the Ushiromiya family alchemist, the Golden Witch {f:5:Beatrice}...!!
 Call my name whenever you wish. I shall then appear and grant you a miracle."
"Thank you.
 I am Ushiromiya Natsuhi.
 I will employ you to protect the honor of the Ushiromiya family...!!"
