"Lieutenant Yamamoto.
 The Italians don\'t want us to tell the mainland about this gold."
".........Aha.
 So, they don\'t want our country to take possession of it."
"<What did he say?>"
"<He\'s saying your group probably doesn\'t want it reported because you fear that Japan will take possession of the gold.>"
"<Ensign Angelo is actually more afraid of Italy itself finding out.
 To us, our homeland\'s current government is a mere puppet set up by the Allied Forces.
 If they find out, the gold will be returned to them.
 However, that would be the same as handing the gold over to our enemies.>"
They had come all this way to make sure that the gold didn\'t fall into enemy hands.
They needed to hide this gold from the puppet government...
...until their homeland could be truly restored...
"Ushiromiya.
 Make a proposal to the Italians.
 Tell them that we wish to offer our assistance."
"What sort of assistance...?"
"I understand what the Italians are trying to say.
 They want that gold to be hidden so that their homeland doesn\'t find out about it.
 However, they would need to obtain at least a transport ship if they plan to take it from this island.
 If they tried that, however, the mainland would hear about it, which means that the Italian government would too."
"That\'s right.
 ......In other words, there\'s no longer any way to take that gold off Rokkenjima."
Their mission must have been to hide that gold in absolute secrecy until the day of their homeland\'s restoration.
Later on, several plausible rumors would circulate...
about how Germany also moved much of its secret wealth to certain hidden areas in South America just prior to its surrender.
 It was a very natural conclusion to reach.
That submarine was their only method of transporting the gold in secrecy, and it\'s become completely useless.
 They can\'t fully stop the water from seeping in, and it\'ll probably sink completely before much longer.
There\'s no longer any way for them to transport the gold in secrecy.
In other words, their mission has ended in failure here in the Far East.
So, just how is Lieutenant Yamamoto proposing that we assist them......?
"The Rokkenjima base is top‐secret, and no one knows about it.
 The islanders in the surrounding area believe this island to be ill‐omened and deserted, so they never come near it.
 ......Do you get my meaning, Ushiromiya?"
"<What did he say?>"
"<As we told you earlier, no one knows about this base.
 And, as you can see, it\'s of no use strategically, so the higher‐ups have already forgotten about it.
 ......Sounds like Lieutenant Yamamoto\'s suggesting that you hide the gold on this island.>"
Beatrice quickly translated this and told Ensign Angelo.
The ensign began discussing rapidly with his subordinates.
They didn\'t look happy.
Japan may have been their ally, but they probably didn\'t want the gold for reconstructing their motherland to be entrusted to Asians.
Still, it\'s hard to imagine any other option for them.
"<......It\'s a fierce debate.
 Some say that there\'s no other option, while others think we should remain loyal to our homeland no matter the cost.
 ......Ensign Angelo is stuck between a rock and a hard place.>"
Hiding this gold was the final order given to them by their fallen homeland.
However, by now, there was no way for that order to be carried out successfully.
If the mainland or their own homeland found out, the gold would probably be confiscated by the wrong people, from their point of view.
If they really wanted to carry out their homeland\'s orders faithfully,
 .........Lieutenant Yamamoto\'s proposal was extremely reasonable...
Though the lieutenant couldn\'t understand their words, it seemed he realized how divided they were.
"Heheheh, if we help out, we\'ll be able to hide the gold in the utmost secrecy.
 Fortunately, there\'s an abandoned tunnel that stretches all the way across this island."
"<......He\'s saying that, if you hide the gold underground and bury it on this island, no one will be able to find it.>"
"<Our side is saying that it sounds like a realistic proposal.
 ......However, there seems to be some resistance against accepting Japanese assistance.>"
"......It seems they\'re having difficulty coming to a decision."
"Heheh.
 Do you really have a choice, Italians?
 You don\'t think you can hide that gold without our help, do you?
 And I doubt you want to leave it lying around on the beach for much longer."
"<Ensign Angelo wants to minimize the number of people who know about the gold.
 ......He doesn\'t trust the Japanese, but it looks like he\'s decided that Lieutenant Yamamoto\'s plan is the best possible option.
 But...he seems suspicious.>"
"<About what?>"
"<He\'s wondering whether they really intend to move a full ten tons of gold and swear themselves to secrecy...without any sort of compensation......>"
"Fifty‐fifty."
"......Sir, you can\'t be—"
"Hand over half of the gold to us.
 With that as our work wages, we\'ll hide the other half nice and safe for them."
"<......H‐he\'s telling you to give us half of it.>"
The instant Beatrice translated that sentence, Ensign Angelo slammed his hands on the desk and stood up.
Instead of flinching, Lieutenant Yamamoto, true to his boasts of once being a thug that everyone feared,
 actually looked even more relaxed and confident than he had previously.
"After all, they really don\'t have the option of refusing.
 I could demand eighty percent if I wanted.
 I\'ve lowered that to an even split as a sign of good faith."
"......Of course, we aren\'t the only ones with leverage here.
 If the Italians decide to leak this to the outside, all of the gold will probably be taken by Japan or Italy.
 We won\'t get even a single yen out of it.
 This can only work if we\'re both partners in crime here."
"<He\'s saying we should all be partners in the crime of embezzlement.
 ......By now, he\'s already moved on to speaking as an individual, not as a soldier...>"
"<Insane......
 So, he\'s been blinded by greed...>"
Lieutenant Yamamoto was grinning.
It really did look as though he had been blinded by greed, just as Beatrice said...
"If they leave it just piled up where it is, you can be sure that it\'ll be noticed when the boat comes for them from the mainland.
 If that happens, none of us will profit.
 They ought to accept our proposal and hide the gold as soon as possible."
"<......It sounds like Ensign Angelo is dead set on the Japanese and Italian governments not finding out about this.
 He wants to carry out his duty until the end.>"
"<So, what exactly does that mean?>"
"<He wants the gold buried deep within the island, even if he has to pay some percentage to buy your silence.
 ......Of course, some of his subordinates object strongly.
 They\'re saying that fifty percent is out of the question.>"
"Ushiromiya.
 How is it going over?"
".........They also don\'t want any more people laying eyes on the gold.
 ......However, they seem to object to the portions."
"<Ensign Angelo says that they\'ll consider 10%.
 ......Though he\'s also saying that he\'s fairly sure Lieutenant Yamamoto won\'t accept that.>"
"Ushiromiya.
 What is the Italians\' answer?"
"......They\'ll consider handing over ten percent."
This time, it was Lieutenant Yamamoto who slammed down on the desk.
But the Italians didn\'t flinch either.
......An incredible tension filled the small room...
However, despite his violent outburst a second ago, Lieutenant Yamamoto\'s expression still looked smug and in control.
He was probably confident that he now had the initiative.
"Ten percent!
 Now there\'s a modest proposal.
 ......Very well, I\'ll give up ten percent.
 Forty‐sixty.
 Tell them I won\'t go any further than that!"
Forty percent for the Japanese.
 Sixty for the Italians.
The lieutenant made it sound like he was willing to stand firm on that, but in truth, these negotiations were not being made on an equal footing.
If the Italians just wanted the gold for themselves, there wouldn\'t be much of a problem.
But what if...
what if they really were true patriots, ......and decided that they ought to return the gold,
 even to the defeated puppet government of their homeland, for the purpose of reconstruction?
If so, they would probably report the existence of the gold to the Italian embassy.
Eventually, the Italian government would petition the Allied nations for the retrieval of their gold.
......It probably wouldn\'t all make it back to Italy, but it might be used effectively to repair and rebuild the battered towns.
If that happened, Lieutenant Yamamoto and his friends would only be able to sneak out a few ingots at most.
He was greedily planning to make this his own treasure island, so that he and his subordinates could have an enormous fortune all to themselves.
......If he wanted those ambitions to bear out, the Italians would have to conceal the presence of the gold.
"<But there\'s one thing I don\'t get.
 .........If Ensign Angelo doesn\'t want to let anyone have the gold, he could have just let the submarine sink.
 Why did he have it unloaded?>"
"<......I\'d rather not think about it,
 ......but Ensign Angelo might have started planning to embezzle the gold as soon as he found out that their mission would be impossible to complete.
 Right now, he\'s asking his subordinates for their opinions both as soldiers...
and as individuals with families waiting for them back home.
 ......The more straight‐laced soldiers are furious.>"
The discussion between the Italians was becoming fierce and emotional.
Though their homeland had fallen, they had come all this way in accordance with its orders.
They had probably been given this mission because they were particularly faithful and duty‐minded troops.
It seemed they couldn\'t just agree to a foreigner\'s proposal to embezzle and split up the gold......
Ensign Angelo looked like he was doing all he could to calm the unexpectedly fervent rage of his subordinates.
......Looks like the gold is blinding them too.
It seems no one can sort out their own personal feelings and the way they want to be perceived......
"How\'s their answer coming?!
 Ushiromiya!!"
"<......Bice.
 Lieutenant Yamamoto\'s asking for an answer.>"
"<.........They\'re saying they want some time to think.
 I had you to talk to, so I could let off some tension, but that wasn\'t true for the rest of them.>"
"<......They lost a lot of comrades at the end of a very long journey, and now they\'re here in a tight spot.
 They\'ve even lost their mission, the one thing they could depend upon to guide them.
 They don\'t know what to do...>"
"Sir.
 ......They say they\'d like some time."
"Heheh, sure, let \'em talk it over all they want.
 But there isn\'t much time.
 If we\'re going to hide it, that\'ll take time and effort.
 ......Make your decision before noon tomorrow.
 That\'s all, Italians!"
"<......He\'s giving you until noon tomorrow.
 ......That bastard, it\'s like he\'s trying to threaten you.>"
"<Ensign Angelo is saying he\'ll ask everyone\'s opinions...>"
"<How does it look?>"
"<It\'ll probably be tough going.
 ......It seems the ensign is willing to consider splitting it,
 but his subordinates and the others will probably oppose that.
 ......All of them have lost close friends on their voyage to the Far East.
 They\'re firm in their desire to do their duty for our homeland.>"
"<......Will they refuse the lieutenant\'s proposal?>"
"<Even if they do, the gold will just fall into someone else\'s hands.
 ......If nothing is going to be left anyway, Ensign Angelo suggests that they each sneak at least one ingot back with them, and some of the others seem to agree, but......
 Men always get carried away at times like this.
 Even I can\'t guess what they\'ll do...>"
"......I imagine the Italians had some complicated feelings about all this."
"In their eyes, Italy after the surrender was probably like an enemy country.
 Letting the gold go back to that Italy would erase the meaning of their entire voyage."
"However,
 embezzling and splitting the gold would also erase the meaning of their journey..."
"The country they felt obligated to serve had already fallen.
 That alone destroyed the significance of their journey.
 Not a happy story for them."
"......If it\'s bound to be meaningless anyway,
 wouldn\'t keeping hold of even just a few ingots be better than nothing?"
"Sure, if you want to calculate straight‐up profit and loss.
 ............But men aren\'t like that."
The Italians were gathered in a cramped room, arguing fiercely.
«I don\'t like it!
 We must remain true to our soldier spirit until the end, for the sake of our fallen comrades!»
«And how do you define "remaining true"?
 By hiding the gold on this island?
 By accepting the proposal of those Asians?!»
«We can\'t trust them!
 Especially that Yamamoto person!
 We must not let our guards down!»
«Unloading the gold and letting the Japanese see it was a huge mistake!
 We should have let it sink with the sub!»
«Oh, wonderful idea, let\'s just sink it right inside a Japanese base!
 It would have been pulled up eventually.
 That wouldn\'t hide anything!»
«There\'s no way to get the gold off this island without anyone knowing in any case.»
«If we had just taken the honorable path and scuttled the sub, none of this would have happened...!!»
«If we had known back then that the sub was already broken beyond repair......»
«Why did you ask the Japanese military for help, Ensign?
 How were you planning to carry out the mission if they found out about the gold?»
«Our mission was a failure from the moment you asked them for help!»
«All of us have families waiting for us back home.
 And we\'ve more than done our part, I\'d say, voyaging all the way to this island country in the Far East.
 You could call this a fair and just payment for our services.»
«*chatter*chatter*!
 *chatter*chatter*chatter*!!»
«Ensign Angelo.
 ......If the Japanese prove to be less than amicable, we need to be prepared to take extreme measures.»
«......And what do you mean by extreme measures, Corporal?»
Someone gulped.
A stiff tension hung over the room...
«The Japanese here are pushovers.
 They\'re all cowards with no battle experience.»
«And we are elites.
 We know the layout of almost the entire base, along with the number of Japanese troops and how they are arranged.
 If Ensign Angelo gives the order, we should be able to subdue them quickly.»
«Only a few of them, Yamamoto included, look like fighters.
 The rest are just laborers attached to the military.
 It may look like they have the advantage of numbers, but we have the greater military force.»
«If we kill the Japanese, how are we going to explain it when the boat comes for us?
 You really think that\'ll work?!»
«There should be plenty of ways, as long as the corpses aren\'t found.»
«Ensign Angelo.
 ......It will be easy to subdue this base.
 If we kill Yamamoto and the few strong fighters, the laborers will probably surrender easily.»
«Let\'s have them carry the gold and bury it.
 ......Of course, we\'ll have to silence them afterwards.»
«Are you suggesting we massacre all of them......?»
«Let\'s do it.
 If we kill them all, no one will have to know about the gold.»
At that moment, the door, which had supposedly been locked, opened slightly, and a metal object was thrown in.
{a:c:
{e:120:«{ruby:Grenade:Granata}!!!»}}
As the yell rang out, the table was kicked over to be used as a shield, and they all dropped to the floor.
However, in this cramped room, it probably wouldn\'t do them any good.
 The Italians were all prepared for death.
«...............?»
«A dud! It\'s a dud!!»
Fortunately, the shoddy grenade was a dud.
The door was slammed open, and three Japanese soldiers wielding pistols jumped in.
"Dammit, it\'s a dud!!
 Kill the Italians, kill the Italians!!"
«Return fire!! Fire at will!!»
In this small room, no matter who shot where, it was bound to hit someone.
The exchange of bullets instantly caused a rain of blood, with casualties on both sides.
The three who had jumped in were covered with bullet holes and fell over, moaning and thrashing...
«Gggghgggghghgh...
gghh...
.........!
 *cough*...
*cough*......»
«Gino!! Gino!!
 Damn, they got his lung, we can\'t save him!!»
«We should consider ourselves lucky!
 If that grenade had gone off, we\'d all be dead!»
The grenade was still rolling about on the floor...
It had been a surprise attack.
 ......Lieutenant Yamamoto had probably judged that the negotiations would not go his way and had decided to make the first move.
Or else, maybe he had been planning from the beginning to put them in the position of having to take a vote...
in order to gather them all in one place.
Rokkenjima belonged to the Japanese.
 If they killed all of the Italians, then not half, but all of the gold would go to them.
There was still a chance the grenade might go off late.
The Italians rushed out into the corridor.
They heard gunfire from down the hallway.
 It was coming from the direction of the submarine dock.
 Clearly, the troops guarding the pile of gold were being attacked.
«Ensign Angelo!! What are your orders?!!»
«We have no choice!!
 Kill the Japanese!!»
"L‐Lieutenant!
 These guys are good.
 Those Italians aren\'t your ordinary sailors!"
"Heheh, I see, they needed men good enough to guard that gold.
 We have the numbers.
 Keep your cool, surround them, and kill them!! Let\'s hunt some Italians!!"
As soon as I heard the sound of repeated gunfire, I knew.
I knew that whatever it was that had been smoldering since the time the gold was unloaded......had finally burst into flame.
The eyes of our soldiers when looking at the gold had not been normal.
 Yes, those eyes had been entranced by demons.
The Italians had also been at breaking point due to the heavy burden they bore.
Who wouldn\'t have snapped after becoming trapped in a distant land where you can\'t understand the language or the writing?
Thinking I had to do something, I ran towards the sound of gunfire.
......Looking back on it, that was an extremely foolish thing to do.
That sound meant that there were people shooting at each other.
 People killing each other.
And yet, unarmed as I was, I dashed towards the sound, as though I was trying to mediate some schoolyard fight.
 ......It didn\'t take long before I learned how foolish and naive such a thing was in the heat of battle.
"......H‐Hiraoka?!"
Warrant Officer Hiraoka was lying face down, his entire body drenched in blood.
Judging by the trail of blood behind him, it was clear that he had somehow managed to crawl here from a different room before dying.
No, he was still twitching.
 He might not be dead yet.
......But, on this island without a doctor—
no, even if we had a doctor...
how could anyone possibly...
...save a man who had been shot this many times in the chest...
When I looked into the room he must have crawled out of,
 I saw two more blood‐stained Japanese corpses.
"Ah, aaah......aaaah......
 Th‐......they\'re d......"
I fell backwards pathetically on my butt, my mouth hanging open in shock......
......Come to think of it, that was the first time I had ever faced death in my life.
The entire world was at war.
 Even though millions were dying both East and West,
 ......this was the first time I met with a person\'s death directly.
Ridiculous.
 ......Didn\'t I join the army hoping to die?
Didn\'t I whine about not being sent to the front lines?
Yeah, so rejoice, Kinzo.
 Isn\'t this the death you were looking for...?!
Why not spread your hands and yell out loud?
 "Come for me, magnificent death!!"
Someone came running towards me.
 It was a colleague of mine, a Japanese man. Tajima‐kun.
"R‐ru—ru—r—...!!"
He dashed towards me, pale‐faced and out of breath.
His face seemed horribly contorted with terror.
 Mine probably looked the same.
"Tajima‐kun... Wh‐what happened......?"
"R‐run away...
 W‐we\'ll...we\'ll all be killed!!"
Someone yelled in Italian, and at the same time, Tajima‐kun let out a scream...
Then, he grabbed onto me as he fell to the floor.
A red stain was spreading across his back before my eyes...
"Tajima‐ku...n......"
"R‐
......run...
......
*cough*...
......"
As he spat bubbles of blood, .........he said that one word......and died.
But the shocking event of seeing someone die right in front of me did not capture my attention.
......No living thing is concerned with the deaths of others at a fundamental level.
 The one thing that matters is whether they themselves die or not.
My attention was fully occupied by the barrel of the gun the Italian soldier was pointing......
Tajima‐kun\'s back burst once more as he leaned against me.
 Flesh tore, blood splattered.
 The warm splash of it covered my face.
Was the Italian still trying to finish him off, even though he had stopped moving for good?
How foolish I\'ve been......
 Can I still not understand the scene in front of me?!
Rejoice, Kinzo!!
 Now you\'ll finally get what you\'ve wanted all this time...!!
The Italian hadn\'t fired to finish off Tajima‐kun.
 He had been aiming at the man Tajima‐kun had fallen on: me, Ushiromiya Kinzo.
"Uu......uuu....uwaah......!!!"
I pushed his corpse aside, scrabbled against the floor, and dashed away, tumbling over myself.
My hands had pushed off against the floor hard enough to tear off the ring finger fingernail on my left hand.
When faced with death, humans truly can resist with all they\'ve got.
I tumbled over and over as I ran, scraping up parts of my body.
 It was painful, hot.
 But that didn\'t matter at all!
I heard the yelling in Italian come from behind me over and over again.
 It felt like they were running, chasing after me.
I didn\'t want to look back.
 So I kept on running and running, as though the Italians were right behind me.
This......is death......!!
Didn\'t you want to die?
No, I don\'t want to die!!
 Why?
 Didn\'t I want to die so badly?
But now, I know.
I know how wonderful it is to be alive.
She taught me.
 Bice did.
I can only be free when I talk with her.
 No!
By talking with her, I was finally alive for the first time.
 I was finally born!!
I want to live.
 I want to live, I want to live, I want to live!!
 I don\'t want to die!
I want to live and see her, right now!!
 If I don\'t see her, I\'ll die! I\'ll be killed!!
.........Stay cool, Kinzo.
 ......She might be killed too...!
If you live and she dies, you might as well be dead......!!
Before I knew it, my face was covered in tears, snot, and drool.
When I stumbled over something and fell, I was finally able to come to my senses a little.
"..................Haah......haah...
 .................."
I could still hear intermittent gunfire.
The gunfight was still going on.
 And it had spread throughout the entire base.
......Bice.
 ......Are you...okay......?
I\'ll find her and take her to a safe place.
 ......The lieutenant will probably kill all of the Italians to steal the gold.
 Bice probably won\'t be an exception.
"Bice......
 .........Bice...!"
Meeting you was the first time I ever lived,
 the first time I was ever born.
 So if you die, I\'ll die again.
I could feel every cell in my body being reborn, not as Ushiromiya Kinzo, ......but as a completely different Kinzo.
......Of course, I was terrified that I might really be shot if I went back.
But I no longer wanted to die,
 in the truest possible sense.
 So, I was able to overcome my fear.
"......Biiiiceeeeeeee!!"
«Rubens!
 What on Earth is going on?!
 What is all this?!»
«There\'s no need for you to know.
 Just stay hidden there.
 Don\'t come out until one of your fellow countrymen calls for you!»
"I heard an Italian voice!!
 He\'s over there!!"
«Goddamn Asians!!»
Rubens stood with Beatrice behind his back and neatly shot the two men rushing at him with two 9mm bullets from his Beretta M1934.
However, one of the 8mm bullets from their Type 94 semi‐auto pistols went straight into Rubens\'s chest.
All three of the shooters were struck in the chest and fell down in a heap.
«N‐no!!
 Rubens!!»
«......Go up to the surface...
 Hide in the forest......
......*cough*cough*!!
 Ggh.....»
«Rubens!!!»
"......Heheheh. My, my.
 Aren\'t we chatty?"
The next person to appear......was the commanding officer of the Japanese soldiers, Yamamoto.
The blast of three guns had just sounded.
Adding on Beatrice\'s screams, it was hardly surprising that he had noticed the encounter.
"If it had to come to this anyway, we should\'ve taken this woman as a hostage in the first place.
 Damn annoying, that\'s what they are!"
Yamamoto spat.
 Beatrice used that moment to snatch up Rubens\'s gun.
«Aahh......!!!»
"Oh, picking up a gun without hesitation!
 Italian women sure are scary!
 Dammit, you both managed to screw up...!!"
He spat this last part at the two dying men who lay moaning at his feet.
However, it wasn\'t particularly surprising.
 And this wasn\'t the only place it was happening.
Nearly everyone met head on in these tiny, cramped tunnels.
 When both sides shot recklessly in a situation like that, the result was two corpses.
So the way to be fastest was to pull the trigger immediately the moment you sensed another person.
 That was the only way to make it through this battle without ending up with a bullet in your chest.
Because of this, both Japanese and Italians killed each other without hesitation, and they sometimes even pulled the trigger on their own countrymen when they unexpectedly ran into each other.
And in the midst of all this, large numbers of Japanese men who had no idea what was going on ran towards the noise and became victims one after another.
It didn\'t matter whether the other person was holding a gun or not.
Everyone reflexively pulled the trigger at the sight of anyone other than themselves, trying to stay alive.
The slaughter engulfed the entire base......
There was a fierce gun battle taking place in the submarine dock.
 And a massacre resembling a hunt was taking place inside the base.
Most of the non‐combatants assigned to this base were killed before they knew what was going on.
The Italians were indeed quite seasoned troops, but their numbers began to drop bit by bit.
Blood‐stained corpses lay scattered all across the base......
At first, it had probably been a proper gunfight.
However, as they gradually became desensitized,
 it devolved into that most basic cause of wars throughout humanity, the desire to kill all foreigners you don\'t understand...
Whenever they heard words they didn\'t understand, they pulled the trigger.
 By that point, the screams of foreigners sounded no different from those of man‐shaped beasts.
 After all, they couldn\'t understand pleading in another language.
So, it had long ago turned into a mere massacre......
As the number of dead surpassed the number of living, ......silence began to return to the base.
Just when it felt as though everyone had died and the desolate sound of the wind blew through the caves,
 there would be a sudden scream, the crisp sound of a gun, and one would remember that the massacre still wasn\'t over.
This happened...over and over again...
......until eventually, true silence fell.
......It marked the pitiful end for those led astray by gold.
The leader of the Italian soldiers, Angelo, had managed to survive somehow.
He encountered......nothing but the corpses of friend and foe.
All was quiet once more in the base.
If he was careless enough to call out, he might be shot from the shadows somewhere.
......So, he snuck about like a panther, breathing quietly and searching for the remaining enemies...
There was no sign or trace of any living person.
......Maybe all of the people in this base had died.
«......Damn Japanese......»
The Japanese struck first, but at that time, we were also talking about killing them.
They simply made the first move as military men.
So, perhaps I should be grateful for today.
Even if the boat had come to take us away, there would have been no honor for us.
We would have been mere failures in our mission, unfit to face our dead comrades.
Perhaps dying here in the Far East alongside my gun......is a more fitting end for a soldier.
From around the corner, I noticed the sound of a leg being dragged along the ground, and I strained to hear.
.........Is someone seriously wounded and shuffling with a limp?
 Noticing them before they notice me greatly helps my chances.
At this stage, there\'s no point in taking prisoners.
We must dispose of all the Japanese.
I\'ll dash around the corner, quickly check to see who they are, ......and shoot if it\'s a Japanese person.
 Nothing more.
I\'ve been hiding my footsteps the whole time.
 They probably don\'t know I\'m here.
Once the shuffling footsteps had come close enough, Angelo leaned around the corner and raised his gun.
The voice that reached him...spoke Italian.
«R‐run......»
«......?!
 Y‐you......!!»
"Heheheh, I\'ve been looking for you, Ensign Angelo...
 That makes all of you.
 I\'ve been counting Italian corpses, you see...!!"
«No, don\'t die!!
 Ensign Angelo!»
Blood poured from Angelo\'s chest,
 ......his gun fell to the floor,
 then his knees,
 and then the rest of his body crumpled...
...and stopped moving.
Yamamoto\'s accuracy with a gun wasn\'t particularly stellar.
However, Angelo had waited until they were fairly close before jumping out, so Yamamoto had been able to hit his target.
And he had managed it with a short‐barreled handgun in one hand......and a woman as a hostage in the other.
"Really, though, our Rokkenjima garrison was pathetic!
 Am I the only one who\'s not dead?!
 Trash, all of them!"
«Can\'t you fight without using a woman as a shield, you brute?!!
 Let go!»
"Quiet!
 Noisy, these Italian girls.
 If you\'d just be cooperative, I\'d at least spare your life. Heheheh!"
It was such an obvious lie that even he wore a bitter smile.
"The Italians were spies working for the enemy, and they all died along with the garrison in a gunfight".
That was the story Yamamoto wanted to tell, and so he couldn\'t afford to have any Italian survivors.
At this point, he wouldn\'t be able to keep the entire pile of gold,
 but he could at least grab as many ingots as he could carry.
 Even that would be worth a huge amount of money.
Beatrice suddenly swung her head,
 smashing Yamamoto\'s nose hard.
«Someone, help! Someoooooone!!!
 ......Aaah!!»
"Y‐......you...bitch......
 Ngaaah......"
She almost managed to escape.
 However, Yamamoto quickly grabbed her leg and tripped her.
She fell onto her back, and Yamamoto mercilessly stomped his foot down on her stomach and pointed his gun at her.
"Heheheh, I don\'t make a hobby of taming tomboys...!
 Die!!"
"Lieutenant Yamamoto, she had nothing to do with this!
 Let go of her!"
Kinzo had jumped out from the shadows.
He was holding a gun he had stolen from one of the corpses.
"Hmmm? Ushiromiya?
 Ah, so you\'re alive!"
"Let her go! You\'re hurting her...!!"
"......It was you, wasn\'t it?
 You tipped the Italians off."
"What are you talking about...?!"
Yamamoto didn\'t know that the grenade had been a dud.
The surprise attack, which he had been certain would work, had failed,
 so he had decided that Kinzo must have tipped them off.
"It\'s your fault the surprise attack failed, and now look what\'s happened!
 You turncoat...
 I know you\'ve been working with them through this woman!"
"Can\'t you see that you caused all this because you were blinded by gold?!"
"<Run, Kinzo!
 This man has shot people begging for their lives!
 He\'ll shoot you too!>"
"Don\'t talk, Italian!
 If you open your mouth again, I won\'t hesitate to shoot."
"<I‐......it hurts......ggaahhh...>"
Yamamoto ground his heel into Beatrice\'s gut.
"Stop it, stop it!!
 She has nothing to do with this!!"
"Oho?
 Are you pointing a gun at a superior officer?
 ......Stop and think a bit, fool.
 If we agree to keep to the same story, we can have that pile of gold all to ourselves, right?
 ......I could only grab a few for myself, but if we work together, we can sneak off with even more.
 ......I don\'t mean this as your superior officer.
 Let\'s split it between us as men."
"Haven\'t you already killed the last people you said you\'d split the gold with?!"
"Tch.
 Ushiromiya,
 looks like you prefer lead to gold!!"
Without any hesitation, Yamamoto raised the barrel of his gun towards Kinzo and pulled the trigger.
It grazed Kinzo\'s right ear.
If Yamamoto\'s aim had been just a bit better, the bullet would undoubtedly have slammed into Kinzo\'s face.
"<Kinzo?!
 H‐how could you?!!>"
"You.....gyah?!?!"
Not letting Yamamoto\'s momentary distraction go to waste, Beatrice lashed out and planted her right foot in Yamamoto\'s crotch.
After moaning in pain, a demonic expression flashed across Yamamoto\'s face, and he stomped on her chest.
"<Bice!!>"
"You biiiiitch!! Diiiiiiiiiiiiiiiie!!"
Beatrice shut her eyes tightly, hoping that she could withstand the coming pain.
No one would want to have their eyes open at the moment they were shot......
"Gy‐
......y...
you...
..............."
Thick...
...spurts of blood...
...squirted out of Yamamoto\'s chest.
"Just as you took many lives for your own sake,
 ......I take your life...
...for mine."
Was Yamamoto able to hear the last of Kinzo\'s words to him?
In his last moments, Yamamoto seemed to grin.
Then, slowly, he fell over backwards,
 ......a river of blood trailing from his body.
"<Kinzo!
 Are you okay?!
 I was sure you\'d been shot...!
 Uggh...ggh......>"
Beatrice tried to stand up, but then doubled over and started coughing.
"<Bice!
 Are you hurt...?!>"
"<......My ribs are hurting.
 That brute really was stomping them hard.>"
"<Will you be alright...?
 I hope they aren\'t broken......>"
"<Italian women don\'t break so easily.
 ......But...thanks.
 I owe you my life.
 If you hadn\'t come, it\'d have all ended there.
 ......Ggh......>"
Yamamoto had shown no mercy.
 ......Her ribs were probably cracked.
......We didn\'t have the option of waiting, possibly for several days, for the ship that was coming.
I made the decision to ferry her off this island.
The man who kept yelling about preserving the secrecy of the base is lying there dead.
......The next island over, Niijima, is close.
 A small boat should be able to take us there.
"<I need to take you to a hospital.
 ......The wound might be more serious than you realize.>"
"<......That\'s interesting.
 Never knew there was a hospital on this island.>"
"<There isn\'t.
 I\'ll use a boat to take you to the next island.
 ......I\'ll take you to a hospital,
 but I need to return here and clean up the mess on this island, ......or it\'ll mean a court‐martial.>"
"<I have a request.
 ......Please, don\'t take me to a hospital.>"
"<Why...?>"
"<If we go to a hospital and the embassy is contacted, I\'ll eventually be sent back to Italy.
 ......If that happens, I\'ll be interrogated about all kinds of things.
 I won\'t acknowledge those people, who let Mama die.>"
"<........................>"
"<There\'s no homeland for me to return to now.
 This is the end for me.
 So, there\'s nowhere I want to go anymore.
 ......The people who were so kind to me—Ensign Angelo,
 Rubens,
 and everyone else,
 ......they\'re all dead.>"
"<And because of that, you want to die here too?
 I thought you said Italian women weren\'t weak.
 Live.>"
"<Hey, Kinzo?
 What does it mean...to live?
 You\'re the one who taught me, aren\'t you?
 Living is more than just breathing.
 .........I don\'t want to go back to Italy.>"
"<......Bice.>"
"<You\'ve said that you were dead before you met me.
 But it\'s the same for me.
 ......I died in that submarine.
 My homeland fell, Mama died.
 Even Papa died.>"
"<......I prayed that our sub would just sink to the bottom of the ocean.
 So, when we reached this place, I was actually disappointed that we\'d survived.
 .........Then, right after that,
 Ensign Angelo started asking whether anyone could speak English.>"
When Kinzo met Beatrice, he finally forgot about dying.
And when Beatrice met Kinzo, ......she also forgot about dying.
"<I...
 ......Now that I\'ve lost my homeland, my family, and my friends,
 ............I wish you would whisk me away.>"
"<.........Bice......>"
"<But, ......I know that\'s a wish that couldn\'t come true.
 ......So, at the very least,
 ......I want to be with you until the boat comes for us.
 I don\'t care about the pain in my chest.
 After all, when the boat comes and takes me away, ......I\'ll die.>"
Beatrice spoke this, smiling softly.
 ......She did her best to hide the pain in her chest.
"<Please, Kinzo.
 ......Just for the few days until the boat comes,
 ......steal me away.>"
"<.........That\'s a wish...
...I cannot grant.>"
Looking apologetic, Kinzo lifted Beato up and gently sat her in the boat.
"<......Coward.
 ......So, Japanese men are weak after all.>"
"<You\'re right.
 ......I am a coward.
 So, I can only grant you half of your wish.>"
With a clunk, he placed the object wrapped in a jacket into the boat.
"<What do you mean......?>"
"<The part about "until the boat comes for you".
 ......I can\'t make that a reality.>"
"<......Huh?
 What do you mean?>"
"<Stealing you away.
 ......That wish, I will make come true.>"
"<......K‐......Kinzo.........>"
There has to be a doctor on Niijima.
I\'m wearing a Navy uniform.
I should be able to pass myself off as a survivor of a boat carrying a VIP that was sunk by enemy ships.
If the doctor happens to be of the greedy sort, all the better.
......After all, I have right here the golden magic to make people do what I say.
She came from a distant country, took my lifeless body, and gave me a soul.
The witch......who came bearing gold......revived me with her magic.
"<You...are a witch.
 ......The Golden Witch.>"
"<*giggle*.
 Yes, the Golden Witch.
 Even though I use the same recipe as everyone else, only my alchemy can turn pasta into a smoking black heap.>"
"<Haha, hahahahahahahahaha.>"
"<......Just like you, I\'m nothing but a corpse that\'s only allowed to live while you\'re there beside me.
 ......If you disappear, I\'ll die within moments.>"
"<I won\'t let you die.>"
"<Really?>"
"<No matter what.>"
"<Take some responsibility.
 .........After all, you\'re the one......who\'s spirited me away.>"
"......I see.
 So, Kinzo‐san told you that much."
"Then, ......wait, it was you?!
 You\'re the Niijima doctor that Grandfather took Beatrice to...?"
"Why so shocked?
 He should\'ve leapt to mind at the moment the words "Niijima doctor" showed up."
"All of a sudden, a soldier of the Navy appeared along with a foreign woman.
 Of course, I was astounded.
 ......What\'s more, he told me to treat her wounds confidentially, since their presence was a military secret."
"Was that the first time you met Grandfather...?"
"......Yes.
 That was when we first met."
"So, you\'re the greedy doctor who followed orders for the sake of the gold?"
"That\'s a bit harsh......
 He suddenly brought in a foreign woman patient, told me it was a military secret,
 promised that he\'d pay the medical fees later, and handed me a gold ingot as collateral.
 I didn\'t want to get involved with any funny business.
 I was reluctant to say the least."
"I see your point.
 ......But in the end, you did conceal Beatrice, didn\'t you?"
"I may not be as skilled as Kinzo‐san, but I do have some familiarity with English.
 I managed to overhear part of their conversation, and that was enough to convince me that they were not troublesome people."
"*cough*...
 ......Of course, if I were to say that the ingot didn\'t tempt me, that would be a lie.
 I was much younger then, you see."
"What happened to her next?"
"I treated her for some time before someone came to me on behalf of the Ushiromiya family and said that she would be moved to Odawara.
 They took her away."
"So Grandfather didn\'t come to get her himself?"
"Regardless of how Kinzo explained away the incident on Rokkenjima,
 he probably wouldn\'t have been able to move about freely for some time afterwards."
"Precisely.
 Kinzo‐san has said that deceiving the military was the greatest challenge of his life."
"So, Beatrice went to Odawara, and then what...?"
"I have heard that she hid in one of their unused villas.
 ......After all, Kinzo‐san already had a family at that time.
 It must have been tricky to manage."
"So, Kinzo was a master of the double life before Kuwadorian even existed.
 .........Whoosh."
"What are you doing...?
 Is your butt itching?"
"......Tch."
"And later on?
 Beatrice and Grandfather continued their happy relationship in the villa from then on...?"
"I have heard that it was a modest, peaceful life.
 ......Several years later, they had a child."
"And so Kuwadorian\'s Beatrice was born."
"The birth...didn\'t go well......
 Truly a sad tale."
"You don\'t mean...she died?!"
"Don\'t be surprised.
 Kinzo believed his daughter was Beatrice reborn.
 ...Don\'t ignore the heart. It\'s possible to reason it out."
"Y‐......you\'re right.
 ......My apologies."
"I don\'t know how many years Kinzo‐san spent with her in Odawara.
 .........However, judging by Kinzo‐san as we know him afterwards...
 Even if it was only a few years, one can tell how deeply he loved her."
"...........................
 ......I see."
"So then, he made Kuwadorian for his daughter......"
"Kinzo‐san cleverly made use of the submarine\'s gold to build up a fortune in a flash.
 Then, he made use of his considerable skills in English to make connections with the GHQ, becoming immensely wealthy in a short span of time.
 I\'m sure there\'s no need to explain this part to you, Lion‐san."
"......Yes.
 He used that vast wealth, ......bought Rokkenjima, and built the mansion.
 The remaining relatives in Odawara scoffed at Grandfather, thinking he was crazy to buy an entire deserted island."
"If you could carry ten tons of gold around in your pocket, Kinzo probably wouldn\'t have bought Rokkenjima."
He hid the gold somewhere in Rokkenjima,
 built up a fortune with the ingots he\'d taken out of it, ......and then bought up the whole treasure island...
"Exactly.
 .........And that started the legend of the Ushiromiya gold."
"......What about the mark of the One‐winged Eagle that was supposedly pressed into the ingots?"
"It was less a one‐winged eagle......than an eagle that appeared to have only one wing."
"What do you mean?"
"You see it often in Europe, do you not?
 A crest or coat of arms with an eagle spreading its wings on it.
 ......The flag of the Salò Republic also had an eagle—or was it a hawk?—
emblazoned on it."
"So, the imprint was made too lightly......or else it was poorly done."
"Correct.
 .........It was a hasty, wartime stamping.
 It was probably supposed to look like the crest of an eagle spreading its wings.
 But half of it, cut off at a diagonal, was too faded to see."
"So half of the eagle spreading its wings disappeared, ......making it look like a One‐winged Eagle?"
"Kinzo thought the seal on the gold of Beatrice, the woman who had changed his fate, looked like a one‐winged eagle.
 That must be why he decided to make that his own crest."
"......If the imprint had been made correctly, it would have been the eagle of the Salò Republic\'s flag,
 ......or could it have been the two‐headed......"
"......No, no, that would be ridiculous.
 At any rate, passing the night away with Kinzo‐san in front of that massive pile of gold, drinking and dreaming, was truly an enjoyable experience."
"However, Kinzo‐san didn\'t want anyone using that stamp to figure out where the gold had come from.
 The gold he took outside was all re‐pressed with the One‐winged Eagle design he had created."
"And all he did was show you the gold?
 What a cheapskate."
"Of course, after he became immensely rich, Kinzo‐san came to me once more and paid me in full for the overdue medical expenses.
 The amount he came with was a bit much for medical fees.
 Though I did make sure to give him his change."
"And you\'ve been friends ever since......?"
"Yes.
 Kinzo‐san was extremely grateful to me for keeping his secret and concealing Beatrice."
"......Grandfather always says that the old relatives in Odawara were a bunch of greedy liars.
 ......I\'m sure he appreciated your strong sense of duty, Doctor Nanjo.
 I think I understand why a person like Grandfather came to trust you."
"I also had some interest in foreign countries, as well as a hobby of playing chess.
 Kinzo‐san and I have gotten along well ever since.
 It was a friendship that built up gradually, but grew strong before we knew it.
 Yes, we have been friends a very long time......"
"People who deal with large amounts of money are quite mindful of small amounts as well.
 ......When you refused to accept anything more than the medical fees, that must have earned you his admiration."
"You think too highly of me.
 No, I was just frightened by the large quantity of money.
 I began to regret it later, ......wahahahaha.
 It seems I\'ve never had real guts."
"No need to worry there.
 Guts are one thing you\'ve got no shortage of."
"You think so?
 Well, I appreciate the flattery."
"That wasn\'t flattery."
".........?"
......After Kinzo dies, Nanjo is complicit in keeping his death a secret for at least a whole year.
Of course, Natsuhi must have given him a fairly hefty sum of hush money.
All the same, he\'s at least gutsy enough to withstand the pressure from Kinzo\'s children for that amount of time without slipping up once......
"You\'re plenty gutsy, if you ask me.
 That sense of duty must be part of your character."
"......Hahahah.
 Perhaps that is my only redeeming quality..."
"I think Grandfather was blessed with a good friend."
