
Earth to earth.
Ashes to ashes,
 dust to dust.
 Illusions to illusions.
And dreams to dreams.
A dream is something drawn in the sand between the coming and receding waves.
Something so fragile that it is wiped blank each time the waves draw back.
For this reason, the heartless might sneer at the drawing and call it useless.
However, no wave will ever come again to wipe away the dream she drew.
Her final, beautiful dream will not disappear for all eternity.
Come, try to picture it.
Picture it as the gentle afternoon sunshine on a warm spring day,
as though that light would never dim again.
After all, it is such a wonderful thing......
 -  - Witness to your final dream,
PUBLIUS VIRGILIA MARO
The suspects were gathered in a room, and several Inquisitors were reporting on the results of their investigation.
Their uniforms closely resembled those of Eiserne Jungfrau, but they were slightly different.
 Also different were the badges signifying their department.
Then came the sound of someone clapping their hands once.
It was the lead female Inquisitor.
It was her signal that all reasoning had been completed.
"For your attention: it is now beyond doubt.
 The preceding logic has proven the nonexistence of your alibi."
At the other end of her pointing finger was a quivering maid with frightened eyes.
Her name was - 
no, that wasn\'t important.
All that mattered now was that she could have freely entered the locked-room study where the victim was found,
 and furthermore, that it had been proven that her claimed alibi for the time of the crime was contradictory.
Shaking, the maid tried to continue her illogical pleading, but all her arguments had already been destroyed.
"With this, we have found sufficient proof for the whodunit and the howdunit.
 Know that your position as the culprit is now an unshakable fact."
"Y-you must be joking...!
 Wh-wh-why would I kill the Master I loved and respected so...?!
 I, I have no motive, no reason...!"
"......Who did it and how.
 Know that these are all that need to be established.
 For your attention: I beg to inform you of the following.
 Know that motives are unnecessary in mysteries."
The Inquisitor spoke coldly.
After finishing her witch\'s prayer, VIRGILIA stepped back from the casket, which lay on an altar bedecked with many beautiful roses.
In her place, Battler moved to the front of the casket, wearing his territory lord\'s cape......
Though the cape was supposed to represent dignity and majesty,
 it somehow made Battler look smaller.
Battler held a book with a majestic binding in his hand.
It was......a game record that had just been written.
Or, perhaps it was a tale.
 A game.
 Or else a fragment.
Written in it......
was the "dream" that would be more enjoyable for her than any other......
Battler pressed it against his forehead and contemplated for some time.
"................................."
Then, he kissed it, .....and laid it gently in the casket.
It was placed upon her chest.
It made her look like a little girl clutching her favorite stuffed animal as she drifted off to sleep......
"......This story is my gift to you.
 ......The only one there will ever be."
This tale will be shut up with you in your casket for all eternity.
So, no one will be able to read it except for you in your casket.
"Shut away in that cat box,
 the only...
unchanging,
 inviolable,
 ......eternal tale."
"This way,
 ......no one will be able to defile her tale.
 ...No one can deny it,
 and no one can argue against it.
 ......Belonging to just me and her,
 ......just the two of us,
 this is the one and only...
certain truth."
Those bastards......
A man dashed through a town wrapped in twilight.
The daytime hustle and bustle of this charming old-fashioned village, which combined tradition with stylistic beauty in the classic style of the last century, now seemed like a mere dream.
The orange setting sun was already hidden behind the clock tower, and the narrow alleyways were rapidly descending into darkness.
As the gas lights began to turn on, they only made the darkness of the twilight stand out all the more.
The man sprinted.
 There was no time.
 He had to hurry.
He\'d had several experiments to do and things he had to check, and it had all taken longer than he\'d expected.
"Yes, there\'s no mistake there.
 The whodunit and howdunit are all you need in mysteries."
In the mystery genre, the motive, or the whydunit, is given the least precedence.
The only thing needed for a murder to exist is for a culprit to commit it.
No part of that requires a motive.
 So, it\'s usually the most ignored element.
In fact, these days, there are even some who call it an unnecessary element in mystery stories.
"If you determine the culprit with nothing but the whydunit, that\'s no mystery.
 That\'s propaganda.
 However..."
That doesn\'t mean you can ignore the motive.
It doesn\'t make it okay to ignore the heart.
"......We both know how enjoyable her final rest will be.
 So, I doubt there is anyone who could disturb it.
 ......After all, who could possibly disturb the sleep of a child dreaming with a smile on their face?"
".............................."
"Come.
 ......It is time for us to leave.
 If we\'re too noisy, we\'ll wake her from her dream."
"......You\'re right.
 What else should you do with a sleeping kid except put a blanket on them,
 ......turn off the lights, and walk away quietly..."
After looking at the casket one last time, VIRGILIA turned around quietly.
Battler did the same, .........but he then stopped and turned to face the rose-covered altar...
".............................."
Battler said his final words with his heart.
As long as those words didn\'t leave his mouth, no one would ever know what they were.
......However, those words of the heart caused Battler\'s expression to change several times.
At first, he frowned sadly, ......then, his face clouded with remorse, and then changed to a resigned, bittersweet smile.
 ......It flashed through several varied expressions.
Then, ......the final expression that crossed his face, was, surprisingly,
 ......a gentle smile.
".....................
 ............"
Something rose to Battler\'s lips.
 However, he bit it back down.
There could certainly be no words...
...to express the many feelings he kept in his chest.
So, ...saying anything aloud would probably be crude.
Battler understood this, and stopped himself from speaking once more with a resigned smile.
"..........................."
"......Thank you."
"Oh, I have done nothing deserving of your gratitude..."
"......I\'ll leave the rest to you."
After seeing VIRGILIA nod back at him, Battler turned away from the altar one more time...
......and left the chapel.
VIRGILIA also disappeared,
 ......and all disturbances that might have interrupted her blissful sleep were gone...
The Inquisitors listened with calm - no, scornful gazes.
They listened to the frantic babbling of the maid accused of murdering her master.
However, nothing she said could bury the fault in her own alibi.
They were all mere emotional arguments.
"I loved and respected my master so much. I had no motive for killing him."
No matter how much she spoke,
 it only made her look more and more like the floundering true culprit struggling pathetically.
The whodunit and howdunit had been satisfied.
As for the whydunit, the motive, the heart - who would care?
......No matter how much she spoke of her gratitude for her master, who had graciously fed her and given her a job when she had been left to starve on the streets after various misfortunes,
 that didn\'t help her case in the slightest in the mystery genre.
Therefore, her motive didn\'t matter.
All of that could just be squeezed out of the culprit afterwards.
An Inquisitor took out a roll of parchment and held it forth, cutting off the maid\'s sobs and protests.
"This is how you committed the crime.
 Know that this indictment has been received by the Great Court and that your arrest has been approved.
 Here is the warrant for your arrest.
 The motive is unnecessary.
 Know that such a thing is completely extraneous in the matter of pinpointing the culprit.
 With that in mind, I beg to inform you of the following.
 Know that we of the SSVD possess methods of forcing unrepentant criminals to reveal the truth."
"Be advised that with these interrogation tools blessed by the powers of justice, we Inquisitors will strap up your limbs, burn them, crush them, hang you by them,
 and thereby wring the red truth out of you.
 ......It isn\'t even necessary for you to confess!
 Aides, arrest that maid!"
"It wasn\'t me! I didn\'t kill the master...!!
 N-no, noooooooooo!!"
"Hold it right there.
 You\'ve got the wrong culprit."
A man kicked the door open, and the Inquisitors were all shocked at the sight of him.
"Wh-......why are you here?
 Know that you are no longer in charge of this case...!"
"Quiet.
 You find one person without an alibi and just assume that she\'s the culprit?
 Do you really think there\'s no need for a motive, for a heart, in crime?
 Crimes are committed by people.
 There are no crimes without a heart.
 I\'ll never accept any theory that ignores the heart."
"Kn-know that your focus on the whydunit is simply embarrassing...!
 The whydunit is unnecessary!
 Such a thing can be easily extracted through interrogation!
 Even the Great Court has already acknowledged that this woman is the culprit...!!"
"The Great Court has heard your argument that the maid must be guilty because everyone besides her has an alibi,
 and they\'ve mistaken your overconfidence and conceit for wisdom.
 If any one of the other suspects loses their alibi, your evidence so far proves nothing.
 ......Just look at how pathetic some of these other alibis are.
 Did the clock in the reception hall chime midnight at exactly the right time?
 Did the dog by the back door bark at everyone?"
"So, you managed to prove the maid\'s alibi false.
 Congratulations.
 But does it end there?"
"It may\'ve been possible for her to do it, but does she have any motive at all?
 Are the alibis for the others absolutely perfect?
 This maid wasn\'t the only one with a false alibi.
 You have to keep on searching if you want to find the others."
"Was there some sort of grudge against the victim? Or some money-related problem?
 Don\'t abandon motive, don\'t abandon the heart.
 Dry mysteries where the motive can just be figured out later aren\'t worth anyone\'s time."
"I-if the maid isn\'t the culprit, then why did she fake an alibi?!
 Even asking such a question is a waste of time!
 Know that we just have to interrogate her, wring out the red truth, and have her sign in red blood to everything that happened at the time of the crime!"
"Yeah, you probably can do that.
 You can just use that torture of yours to squeeze out everything frankly and objectively, as seen from the eyes of God.
 But you know what?
 ......I\'ll never accept mysteries and theories that lack heart."
"I, I have already taken over responsibility for this case!!
 I even have a decree right here!
 Come now, Aides, know that there is no reason to hesitate!
 I order you to arrest this maid!!"
When she gave this order, her subordinates hesitated, looking back and forth between their superior and that man...
"I won\'t let you.
 The real culprit\'s a different person.
 It\'s possible to use motive to find them,
 and the alibi trick\'s an old one.
 You can\'t forget the heart."
"Th-there\'s no need for that...!!
 We just have to find the suspicious ones who could have committed the crime, interrogate them, and squeeze out the red truth!!
 On the off-chance that they are not the culprit,
 then we just have to interrogate the next suspect...!!"
"You call that reasoning?"
"Stand back!!
 We will arrest that woman!!
 Know that this maid is the culprit!!"
"
It is forbidden for a servant to be the culprit!!"
"Wh-
what...
......did you say.........?!?!"
The words of power blasted away the Aides who were trying to arrest the maid.
"
......Van Dine\'s Twenty Rules, Rule #11.
 ......If you want to torture this maid, make sure you double check the alibis for the second wife and her lover first."
"Th-those two already have a clear alibi for the time of the crime...!!"
"That, an alibi?
 Dammit, a fool like you couldn\'t understand no matter how easy I make it for you.
 If you want to call yourself a Chief Inquisitor, try and figure out at least that much for yourself.
 Until then, I\'ll be taking that maid\'s arrest warrant."
"Th-then what about you?!
 Can you prove that this maid didn\'t commit the crime?!
 Know that she was clearly away from the kitchen at the time of the crime!
 What was she doing then, and where?!
 She can\'t prove it, I can\'t prove it, and you can\'t prove it! No one can!
 That\'s why we have no choice but to use these torture devices to interrogate her until the red truth is squeezed out!!"
"You can squeeze as much blood and truth from the true culprit as you damn well please.
 But know this.
 I won\'t let you interrogate or torture anyone who isn\'t that culprit."
"Th-this is why everyone says you\'re too soft...!
 All the suspicious must be interrogated!
 That is how we Inquisitors conduct our witch trials!!"
"That\'s right, we are Inquisitors.
 Felling evil witches is our job.
 However, we must not risk hurting the innocent.
 We must not suspect them...!
 All humans have their own personal truths.
 Those should only be exposed when they commit crimes.
 We\'ve been given the right to expose them.
 But there\'s one thing we can\'t do."
"......Wh-...what......?!"
"No one, not even God, has the right to expose the innocent truths of those who have not sinned!!"
The maid finally realized that he was trying to protect her.
"......I, I don\'t know who you are, but......
 Th-
......thank you...
...very much...!
 I\'m......really not......the culprit!"
"Yeah, I know.
 ......Your boyfriend said he\'d be willing to give up everything to prove your alibi.
 You should thank him.
 That kid said that honor and reputation are worth nothing compared to you."
"B-......but, if he does that, he\'ll......"
"It won\'t come to that.
 Exposing the secrets between lovers is a job for third-rate magazines.
 That\'s not mystery.
 ......I\'ll never allow for heartless reasoning."
Then, for the first time, the man\'s sullen expression relaxed, and he patted the maid\'s head unreservedly.
"......I\'m sure you two will be happy together.
 Still, meeting together in secret while on the job is hardly praiseworthy.
 Try to keep that to a minimum."
"Th-......thank you so much......
 Thank you so much......"
These words were heard only by the two of them.
The man had learned of her innocence, which could only be proven by exposing the secrets of a pair of young lovers, and he had rushed about in search of a solution, resentful of the arrogance of those trying to expose this by forcible means.
"The point of theory-making is not to create a culprit, nor is it to trample the truth in the hearts of the innocent in the process.
 Heart matters.
 ......If you want to play the detective, don\'t forget the heart.
 Forget that, and we\'re just intellectual rapists.
 Don\'t forget it!!"
"Uu......ggh......ggggghhhhh......!!"
The Inquisitors couldn\'t argue back any longer after the man\'s forceful words.
The man\'s name was Will.
 But everyone used to call him by a different title.
Chief Inquisitor in SSVD, the Eighth District Repentance Enforcement Agency of the Great Court of Heaven - 
Wizard-hunting Wright.
"That\'s the last thing I\'m leaving behind for you all.
 If you want to be the next "Wizard-hunting Wright", remember it.
 Never forget!!"
