Outside, the rain had started to pour down hard.
However, inside the cousins\' room, it was loud and cheery.
It could have been raining spears, and no one would have paid any attention.
"Ihihiii!!
 Full hou~se!!
 Take that!"
"Whoa.
 You weren\'t bluffing...!"
The cousins were all bursting with energy, sitting in a circle on the bed.
"And I thought Battler always had crap in his hands every time he acted tough...!"
"Of course, I\'ve been losing all this time just to make you think that!
 Ushiromiya Battler, the man who loses strategically to win in the end! Ihihi!"
"Uu, Battler\'s amazing...!
 All my coins are gone again."
"I\'ll give you some of mine.
 Let\'s crush Battler together, okay?!"
With just a deck of cards, the cousins could enjoy themselves for many hours.
They were so engrossed that the occasional thunderbolt hardly even registered as static in the background.
"I\'m starting to get hungry.
 I wonder if dinner\'s ready yet."
"Who knows.
 It should be ready soon.
 Gohda-san and the others really went all out for tonight."
"Heheh, which means we\'ve got a lot to look forward to.
 Is this to celebrate my long-awaited return?"
"I heard from Shannon just now that it\'s going to be a Halloween party.
 They\'ll set up a buffet in the hall.
 Sounds incredible."
"A Halloween party?!
 Wow, wow, uu-uu-uu!!"
"Hmm?
 Hello? Who is it?"
There was a knock, the door opened, and Ange was there.
Ange had been sleeping in her parents\' room.
"Hey, it\'s you, Ange!
 So, you woke up."
"Umm, they said it\'s dinner, so we have to go to the mansion.
 They said to get ready."
"Uu-uu-uu!!
 Food, foo~d!!
 I\'m hungry~~!!"
Perhaps because she was the hungriest, Maria celebrated more vigorously than anyone else.
She jumped up happily and hopped off the bed.
As the others all clambered off the bed and started putting their shoes on, Kyrie and Rudolf came into view.
"Hey, brats.
 Time for food, so get ready."
"It looks like today will be extra special.
 I can\'t wait to see."
"Uu!! I know!
 It\'s a Halloween party!"
"......A Halloween party?"
"Kihhihihihihi!
 I know, and Ange doesn\'t.
 Kihhihihihi."
"Mom, what\'s a Halloween party?"
"Who knows?
 We\'ll have to go and see for ourselves."
"Everyone ready?
 It\'s about time to go."
"Is everyone here?
 Please follow me."
"Maria, over here.
 Your collar\'s crooked."
"Ah, I\'m so hungry.
 The food is the best part of these family conferences.
 Are you hungry too, Ange-chan?"
Eva smiled at Ange.
".........Yeah.
 Starving."
"Ange.
 "Yes, I am", right?"
"*giggle*. Don\'t worry about it.
 Yeah, I\'ll bet you\'re starving.
 My stomach\'s rumbling too."
"Okay, let\'s get out of here.
 Looks like the wind\'s blowing hard outside.
 Make sure you don\'t lose your umbrellas."
"Everyone, please take an umbrella."
"Here\'s your umbrella, Ange-chan."
"Thanks, Auntie Eva."
"*giggle*.
 ......Ah, girls really are so cute.
 Come over to play at your auntie\'s house one of these days.
 It\'s a promise, okay?"
"......It looks like Auntie Eva\'s taken a liking to Ange."
"Yep.
 Apparently, Mother actually would have liked a daughter."
"Ah, I\'ve heard that too.
 I think she doted on me too, when I was little."
"My Mama said she actually wanted a son, uu!"
"If your kid grows up happily, it doesn\'t matter if they\'re a boy or a girl.
 Maria is my precious, precious gift from God."
When they got outside, the wind was fairly strong.
Eva, who had now really hit it off with Ange, offered to share an umbrella with the little girl.
It was hard to tell what they were chatting so excitedly about, but it seemed that they were already getting along splendidly.
Battler opened his umbrella as he watched this.
His little sister was cute when she clung to him, but she was just as cute and adorable when looking up at someone else with a happy smile.
The wind and rain were strong, but even this must have been the perfect spice to heighten their anticipation of the coming meal......
Thanks to some festive decorations, the main hall had been remade into the scene of a Halloween party.
The Ushiromiya family always took meals in the dining hall.
This was the first time I\'d ever seen a buffet-style party set up in the main hall.
"Yo, Battleeer!
 Hey, Maria! Long time no see...!"
"Beato!!
 Happy Halloween!
 Trick or treat...!!"
"*cackle*cackle*.
 I have some candy for you, but now is not the time.
 After all, it\'s just before a meal."
"*giggle*.
 Thank you, BEATRICE-san.
 I see you\'re looking as beautiful as ever."
"You too, Rosa!
 One would never guess you to be a mother.
 Wahaha!"
"Have you been drinking?
 Your ears are looking pretty red there."
"Hmm?
 Well, after you left, uhihiii!
 Kinzo told me he\'d come into possession of an unusual drink, and well, a little alcohol never hurt anyone...!
 Wahahahahaha!"
"And this coming from a person who tells little kids not to eat candy before a meal..."
"Pardon me.
 BEATRICE-sama, the Master is calling for you."
I saw Kinzo beckoning from over by the portrait.
"Good grief.
 When it comes to ceremony, that man is always so obsessed with form."
"It\'s probably that stuff about a ceremony for the gold\'s return.
 This is a huge turning point for the Ushiromiya family.
 You\'d better go and play along."
"It does make one feel a bit lonely though."
"This won\'t change the fact that you\'re the Ushiromiya family alchemist."
"Perhaps.
 Then I\'ll be back shortly.
 See you later, okay?
 According to Genji, today\'s party has a bit of a twist to it.
 You\'d better look forward to it...!"
"You make it sound like you did any of the work."
"Wahhahahaha, you\'re another one who obsesses too much over details...!
 Later!"
"......Onii-chan, is something going to happen today?
 Is it a special day......?"
It looked as though even Ange had picked up on that much.
She seemed to be getting tense for no reason.
"This is a special day, for the Ushiromiya family.
 But it doesn\'t have anything to do with you personally, so you should just relax."
"Okay.
 ......Ah, that\'s right. Hey, hey, did you know?
 I just heard a huge secret from Auntie Eva...!
 Even Maria onee-chan doesn\'t know, but I\'ll tell you!"
"Ooh?
 So, what\'s this secret?"
"So, yeah!
 I heard that, if there\'s an almond in it, you win...!"
"Win?
 Is this like a lottery or something?"
"Hmmmmmmmmmm...
 Anyway, if you get an almond, you win!"
Ange puffed out her cheeks.
 Apparently, she wanted to be praised for sharing this exciting secret.
But just hearing that almonds win didn\'t really explain much.
"Okay, got it.
 Thanks for letting me in on that major secret."
"Nnnnnnn, you\'re mean, Onii-chan!
 And I even told you my secret!"
Ange, her cheeks still puffed out, headed back to where Auntie Eva was.
They really are getting along well.
 Still, I guess I have no problem if it\'s her aunt.
If it was some guy from her class, I don\'t care if they\'re both in elementary school, it\'s not happening!
 No playing with the opposite sex without Onii-chan\'s approval!
At that moment, Genji-san\'s voice rang out.
The chatter gradually subsided, and the rain outside once again became apparent.
"Ladies and gentlemen, I ask for your silence."
Silence filled the room.
All of the relatives seemed vaguely aware that tonight\'s festivities consisted of more than a Halloween party.
Battler already knew.
This was a ceremony to mark the return of the gold, from Kinzo to BEATRICE, which had been borrowed for so many years.
First off, that fact was announced by Kinzo himself.
He spoke of how this gold had not only restored the Ushiromiya family, but brought it to a level of wealth it had never before experienced.
 He spoke of how he would finally return this gold to BEATRICE, the one who had saved the Ushiromiya family.
A weighty ingot decorated with a bright red ribbon passed from his hands to hers.
".........The debt that the Ushiromiya family owes to the three generations of BEATRICE, the Golden Witch,
 is one that we shall never forget."
"Dear me.
 I\'ve nowhere to put it, but I suppose I can take it off your hands."
".........BEATRICE-sama."
"N-nnn, *cough*cough*."
Despite her status, Beato\'s remark earned her a surprising warning from Genji.
 I couldn\'t help but laugh.
"I am BEATRICE, the Ushiromiya family alchemist.
 Tonight, I acknowledge the end of the loan contract for the ten tons of gold.
 ......Many decades have passed since my grandmother\'s generation.
 The time has come for the eagle that lost one wing to fly once more.
 I will watch over that eagle, and I pray for its prosperity in all generations to come."
Applause filled the hall.
Though she\'d just managed to make such a dignified speech, as soon as it was over, she stuck her tongue out and leered at us.
I guess that\'s about the limit to how long Beato can stay serious.
"By passing her name on through the generations, BEATRICE, the Golden Witch, may live for thousands of years.
 Therefore, even her descendants shall be BEATRICE, and all shall be alchemists to this family."
"The descendants of the Ushiromiya family will praise BEATRICE for her gratitude forevermore, and this will be passed on through the generations.
 .........This family will always be indebted to BEATRICE, and she will always be our family, tied by a noble bond."
".........Let those who agree show their recognition with their applause."
After Genji\'s words, the relatives all looked at each other, then started applauding at once.
"Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 .........BEATRICE.
 You are a member of the Ushiromiya family.
 And your bond to us is more sacred than one of blood."
"Wahaha, the relationship between debtor and creditor is indeed more important than blood."
"......BEATRICE-sama."
"Nngyhh, nnn...!"
After that, Kinzo\'s longwinded speech continued.
Tonight, Kinzo would retire as the Ushiromiya family head.
Then, he announced that he would reveal the distribution of his inheritance.
A stir of excitement spread across the siblings in money trouble when they heard that they wouldn\'t have to wait for Kinzo\'s death to get their inheritance.
"I am aware that each of you is in trouble with money.
 This should be enough to resolve all of those problems.
 ......But do not grow complacent.
 This is my inheritance, given to you before my death."
"In the past, though I have been strict, I have always watched over you.
 However, beginning tonight, your father will cease to provide support of that kind.
 ......I shall watch on as you take flight, as though watching down upon you from the heavens.
 No longer will I interfere.
 ......You may live however you please."
"D-.........Dad......"
"Father......"
"We understand...
 ......You need have no fear...that we\'ll take flight on our own."
"Here and now, all of us siblings swear to work together...
to make the Ushiromiya family even more prosperous."
"That\'s right...!
 If we stick together, nothin\' can stand in our way...!"
Hideyoshi laughed, but Genji admonished him.
However, he could understand why they were so happy.
......So far, the siblings had quarreled ruthlessly over the inheritance.
However, this evening,
 ......the inheritance had been neatly split apart, and they no longer had any need to scheme for money.
In other words, the siblings no longer had any reason to squabble with each other anymore.
On the contrary, this was a time for them to join hands and help each other become more and more prosperous.
Eva and Rosa were sniffling, with tears in their eyes.
 ......And so was Rudolf.
Perhaps now, ......even at their ages,
 ......they had finally left the nest.
Tonight, the eagles of the Ushiromiya family would leave Rokkenjima, the nest weaved from the witch\'s magic, and go their separate ways.
 ......With their own power and determination.
It made Kinzo think.
If only I had done this from the start...
......If he had settled the inheritance problem himself, there would have been no need for his children to quarrel at all.
Instead, he had acted in a sullen manner and left the problem to them, which had resulted in their strained relationships to each other.
Yes.
 All of that had been his responsibility.
And now, he was disentangled.
It had been like an invisible rope wrapped around Kinzo\'s body.
That rope had now come loose, and he felt a sense of release he hadn\'t experienced for many years...
The four siblings stepped forward, and before Kinzo, they swore to all support Krauss, the new head, and lead the family to greater prosperity.
Their faces sparkled with an unexpected youthfulness.
It was only natural.
 After all, the four of them had not been so naturally united.........since the time they were kids.
As the vibrancy of their youth returned to them, the siblings banded together once again.
When Krauss finished his announcement, a warm round of applause filled the hall.
The cousins...
and the servants too...
...joined in on the applause that continued on and on.
Ange......watched this, dumbfounded.
............The four siblings had quarreled with each other constantly since they were kids, ......supposedly.
Supposedly, they had pointlessly locked swords with Kinzo\'s inheritance as their goal, their worries over money spurring them on.
......Even the world of "truth", the world I acknowledge, ......has been rewritten by this golden ceremony.
Were they actually friendly towards each other, or did they quarrel all the time like I believe? It doesn\'t matter.
......Either way, right here, right now, all of those problems have been resolved.
I mustn\'t believe.
 .........This is just...Onii-chan\'s farce.
Even though I knew that fact,
 .........when I watched Dad and the others hugging each other, with teary smiles on their faces, ......I couldn\'t help but feel something warm welling up in my eyes.
"I won\'t believe it......
 .........All of this......is just another part of your farce........."
"What will you have to see, what will you have to hear,
 before you\'ll let yourself believe...?"
".........Red.
 ............If you say it with the red truth..."
"Is everything you can\'t say in red a lie?"
"......I won\'t believe...
 ......This is......just........."
Ange looked at the floor and fell silent.
As the Game Master, Battler was able to use the red truth.
However, that rule only exists on the witch\'s game board.
In the world of Humans, red truth...doesn\'t exist.
People see things, hear things,
 ......and when they believe that something is worth believing, they accept it as a red truth.
Unless Ange accepts it, no kind of truth can become truth.
Battler wanted her to realize this.
There was no point in using the red truth, a rule of this game, to force the truth on her.
Ange would have to use her own power, her own heart,
 to accept the truth as truth.
The decision was Ange\'s.
No one could force her to decide either way.
So, there was nothing wrong with Ange declaring this scene to be a farce.
But, if so, .........then what was the meaning of the hot tears dripping down Ange\'s face?
......Ange would have to consider that herself, without anyone telling her......
After one sniffle and a rub of her eyes, Ange let the six-year-old version of herself take control of her piece.
What followed was a harmonious, fun stretch of time.
Beautifully adorned dishes were brought in one after another, and champagne corks were loosened with pleasant sounds.
Several small tables were set here and there, each with its own theme.
That was where the fun lay in this stand-up buffet party, as the guests wandered from table to table, pondering what they should eat first.
This sort of performance was where Gohda\'s genius shone through.
 The hotel that let him go should probably regret ever having done so.
Of course, a stand-up buffet would probably be a tiring affair for the middle-aged.
So, chairs had been set up as well.
However, each time a new dish was brought into the hall, they could get up to look, and wander the tables however they pleased.
This way, they could each bump into a new group of people, then mingle elsewhere when that group melted apart.
People are interesting.
 As the members in each group changed, so did the topic of conversation.
The bustling Halloween party played out like a colorful kaleidoscope.
The origami chains decorating the walls recalled one to one\'s youth.
They would make anyone enjoy themselves as they did when they were kids......
Even to Ange, it was like a dream.
She chatted happily with her cousins.
She also chatted with her aunts and uncles.
Beato showed her several tricks that she called magic.
Maria said they were magic, Ange said they were tricks, and the night grew even more lively.
The two young girls were so fired up that the adults decided to show some tricks they knew, shocking both of the kids utterly.
Eventually, they each started showing tricks to the others, asking if they\'d ever seen this one or that one before,
 and it became a party of magic, just perfect for Halloween.
In addition to magic tricks, several quizzes, riddles and games popped up, reminding everyone of their childhood days.
Even the servants who were serving food got dragged into the groups, and the whole hall filled with chatter.
To Ange, young as she was, every single magic trick, quiz, and riddle was an entirely new experience.
They stimulated her intellectual curiosity, and she couldn\'t contain her excitement.
Add in the wide variety of delicious foods and drinks she could choose from, and it was like being in a dream.
Ange felt a floaty sensation, as though she was walking on a cloud......
"Ange, ...you didn\'t drink this, did you?!
 This is Daddy\'s drink!"
"......I wanted to try some adult grape juice too.
 So it\'s okay."
"Your face is looking a little red there.
 Are you feeling okay?"
"She only had a bit, so I think she\'ll be fine......"
"......I\'ll be fine.
 I\'m not a kid......
 ......*hic*..."
"*giggle*.
 Ange-chan, drink this one, okay?
 Your Dad\'s drinking a bad drink, so don\'t try any more, got it?"
"That\'s right!
 If you drink bad stuff, you\'ll end up as a bad adult too. Ihihi!"
"I\'m not gonna be a bad adult!
 I\'m gonna be a princess!"
"That\'s right.
 Ange is a princess to all of us."
"Yep.
 Ange\'s this family\'s princess."
"She\'s a princess to me, too.
 You\'d better come over to my house to play sometime...!
 We\'ll have lots and lots of fun!"
"Okay.
 Thanks, Auntie Eva...!"
Everyone was being really nice to me.
It almost felt like I\'d become a real princess.
I felt so great, I could almost believe that this whole celebration was being held for my sake.
Battler stood outside that group of people.
 As he watched Ange smiling happily from a distance, he smiled too.
".........When she smiles like that, she really lives up to her name.
 It\'s so sad."
"I agree.
 It really is a smile fit for an angel."
"I hope that smile belongs to the real Ange...and not just the piece."
"......Even if it doesn\'t, she is watching this.
 And she can think it through herself."
"This game between you and Ange really is overflowing with affection.
 For me, it\'s almost irritating."
"And what\'s wrong with that?
 No one to get in her way.
 No obstacles or tactics or anything else to worry about."
"That\'s right.
 This game...is no longer a battle."
"I\'d call it......cleaning up.
 ......After our game."
"............I will never be able to make up for the sin I did to her through my careless actions."
"Our game was responsible.
 We\'ll make up for our sins together.
 ......That\'s why we\'re showing Ange this final game."
"Do you think...that Ange will be able to use that key the right way...?"
"......Of course, I\'ve thought about forcibly dragging her in the way we think is right."
"Such an attempt may have been meaningless.
 ......As long as life is, it is hard to accept that a decision you were forced into was truly the correct one."
"Exactly.
 .........Ange must think and choose by herself.
 Even if she doesn\'t make the decision we view as the correct one, ......I think we should respect it."
"......Hmmm.
 .........You are the Game Master.
 It is no longer my place to argue.
 I will simply watch on and enjoy this night."
"This game is very significant for Ange.
 But for us, it\'s kind of like a party after the show."
"It\'s almost time.
 But are you sure?
 Ange might get the wrong idea again, right?"
"It\'ll be fine.
 In fact, this is necessary.
 ......Just like how you appeared in the way you did.
 And everyone else too."
"...............Hmmm.
 Then let us enjoy this final celebration with the others.
 After all, all of them have acted their parts so well in this long game."
That instant, the sound of someone clapping for attention rang out.
"Your attention, everyone. Please gather.
 And now, for today\'s special event...!"
Gohda had been the one clapping.
 Everyone gathered together, wondering what was going on.
On the serving cart in front of him was a large, sliced, chocolate cake.
"As the highlight of tonight\'s Halloween party, I have prepared this Sachertorte for you all.
 As you can see, this was made specially for the Ushiromiya family, and bears the crest of the One-winged Eagle in chocolate!"
The stupendous cake drew a gasp of admiration from all present.
"What a splendid cake...!
 A perfect highlight for the party."
"Oh, no.
 It\'s not just the cake.
 Tonight\'s cake has a little secret.
 ......Master, I ask that you explain that secret to everyone!"
"Very well.
 This is a bit of a game.
 There\'s one, tiny thing in this cake that will make you a winner."
"It\'s an almond...!"
Ange shouted happily.
 Kinzo looked at her fondly and nodded.
"In just one slice of this cake, there is a single almond.
 The one who chooses that piece will become tonight\'s king."
"Whoo!
 It\'s been a long time since I played the king game...!"
"I\'m guessing the subject matter was a bit different when you played it..."
"Hahhahahahahahaha.
 So, what happens to the person who becomes the king?"
"The king gets to name one wish.
 Then, we shall all try to grant it together."
"Oooh!
 Sounds interesting...!"
"Uu.
 Kings are boys.
 Girls can\'t be kings."
"If a girl wins, they get to become the princess."
"The almond!
 The one with the almond wins!
 Right? Right?!"
"Ahahahaha, that\'s right.
 You\'re incredible, Ange."
"Times like this are when a man\'s luck shines through.
 Can\'t let myself lose now!"
"Hold up there.
 Let\'s let the smallest kids choose first."
"Good idea.
 Ange-chan, you can go first."
"Hey, you\'re the big cousin now, Maria!
 Let Ange-chan go first."
"Uu-uu-uu!
 But what if Ange wins, uu!"
"I am gonna win!
 The almond wins, the almond wins!"
"It seems we old fogies must hope that leftovers are lucky today."
"If we\'re going by age, I guess that means Kinzo\'s last."
"Wahhahahahaha, but weren\'t you a thousand years old?"
"N-nooooooooo!!"
Everyone burst out laughing.
 Her real age was unknown, but she claimed to be 19 years old.
In front of Ange lay a large cake, cut so that there was one piece for each of them.
Just one of those pieces was the winner.
"Well then, Ange-sama.
 Which piece would you like?
 Whichever you choose, it will be ever so delicious."
"No way.
 I only want the winning one."
"Well then, you\'ll have to try and guess right on the first shot.
 Go ahead, pick one."
Battler pushed Ange\'s small back towards the table with the cake.
"............Which one......should I take............?"
The chocolate cake was cut into fifteen pieces.
......I wanna pick the one with an almond and become the princess!
One of them has the winning almond. Which could it be...?
I get to choose first, ......but it sort of feels unfair.
I mean, it is, isn\'t it?
 My chances of getting the right one are 1 in 15.
 There\'s no way I\'ll get it.
And then, when Maria onee-chan goes after me, she has a 1 in 14 chance of picking the winner.
 The next person has a 1 in 13 chance, then a 1 in 12 chance, ......and the last person......will win for sure??
"Onii-chan, this isn\'t fair...!
 The person who goes first has a disadvantage...!"
Everyone laughed.
 Apparently, there was something wrong with my calculations, but it still didn\'t feel right to me.
"Come now, let us start this contest of luck with Ange-sama.
 Please, feel free to make your selection...!"
"......Okay!
 Okay......!!"
If I have to pick one out of so many, there\'s no way I\'ll win.
......But for some reason, tonight, it feels like I might actually win after all.
I have no reason for feeling this way, but when I\'m in a good mood, Lady Luck always brings me fortune.
"Have you decided yet?"
"Yeah.
 .........I\'ve decided.
 This one\'s...the winner."
I concentrated on my fingertip......and pointed at one of the 15 slices.
The slice I chose was............
".........This one!"
"This one? Are you sure?"
"I\'ve made up my mind.
 I want this one...!"
When he asked me whether I was sure, I felt a little uneasy.
Still, at times like this, it\'s better to stick with your instincts.
It was one of the few bits of philosophy that the young girl had learned from her few life experiences.
Gohda took the chosen slice, put it on a plate with a fork, and handed it to Ange.
"I go next!!
 Uu-uu, which should I take!"
It was Maria\'s turn next.
 She was excited, determined to be the winner.
I walked away from that group, all by myself.
......I was struck by a temptation to quickly cut the cake open with my fork and check for an almond inside.
However, I stopped myself.
If I check my piece first, my chance of winning is 1 in 15.
However, if I wait for some other people to check their slices, then when I see that they\'ve lost, my chances will go up, if only slightly.
In other words, instead of searching for the almond right away,
 my chances will go up if I wait for some other people to lose.
But if someone picks a winner while I\'m sitting around here, the chances of my slice being a winner will go to zero.
 It\'ll be tough to calculate the right moment.
I need to wait just long enough for as many losers to show up as possible.
 My chances of winning are highest if I can check my piece immediately before someone else wins.
Yeah, that\'s the trick to winning this game!
...........................
............???
What a strange thought.
 ......It feels like I\'m missing something??
Even though no one else can touch the cake that\'s sitting in front of me...
The almond inside it will appear or disappear depending on whether or not the other people win or lose.
.........??
I was in such a good mood that I felt dizzy, and I couldn\'t figure out what was wrong with my theory.
But I did realize that something was strange.
......There is always just one truth inside a cat box.
No matter what happens outside the box, ......it shouldn\'t be able to shake the truth inside.
And yet, ......I\'m being influenced by events outside the cat box and trying to make them affect my observation of the box\'s contents.
.................................
I don\'t even know what I\'m saying.
Another me inside me is trying to say that, ......but it\'s too hard for me to understand.
I feel like I\'m drifting......
I got so cheery and excited that, even though I\'m not sleepy, my mind feels hazy.
Maybe it\'s \'cause I drank Dad\'s adult drink......
In the end, even though I\'d chosen the first piece, I decided to check it last.
After I\'ve seen that everyone else has lost, my chances of winning will be 100%.
......I tried to find the contradiction in my thinking, but I didn\'t really get it, so I stopped.
It\'s much better to have a 100% chance than a 1 in 15 one, so I decided to bet on that.
I couldn\'t wait to open this precious treasure chest,
 but I waited for everyone else to choose their pieces and check them.
"How is it going?
 Has anyone found a winner?"
"Uu!
 Mine didn\'t have one."
"I lost too.
 And I wanted to be the princess...!"
"Even if you lose, this Sachertorte really is beautiful and delicious.
 It\'s such a good decoration, it\'s almost a shame to eat it."
"How about you?
 Find any almond?"
"No, not me either.
 What about you, Hideyoshi nii-san?"
"Mine\'s a loser too.
 Looks like I\'ve used up all my luck with my company and my wife."
"What exactly do you mean by that?"
"What about you, Doctor Nanjo?"
"I\'m checking it now.
 Games like this can truly can be fun, every now and then."
"Yes.
 Sometimes, a simple test of luck, without any strategy or tactics, can be quite entertaining.
 What about you, Beato?"
"Where\'s the liar who said leftovers would be lucky?!
 Grrrrrrrr...!"
"What about you, Ange?
 Was there an almond in yours?"
"I\'m checking now......"
"Oh, you still haven\'t touched yours?"
I was following my own personal probability theory,
 ......but I didn\'t think I could explain it well to Onii-chan, so I didn\'t mention it to him.
I wonder if there\'s an almond in there.
If I win, I\'ll be tonight\'s princess.
......I\'ll be happy if I win, but even if I don\'t, it\'ll still be a really fun night, so that\'s okay.
It stopped when this cake game started, but before then, everyone was having a lot of fun trading tricks, quizzes, and riddles.
This game is fun too, but I want to play like that again soon.
..................Huh?
"What\'s up, Ange?
 .........Oh?"
I stared at the tiny thing on my fork, then showed it to my brother.
"This......is an almond, right...?"
"Wh-whoa!!
 Ange got it!
 That\'s awesome...!"
At the same time, a stir rose up in the other corner of the room.
"I got one, I won...!"
"Hoh!
 So Eva won...!"
"My, my!
 Congratulations, Eva-sama...!!"
"That\'s wrong!!
 I won!
 Mine has the almond!!"
I held the almond high and shouted across the room.
The crowd around Eva split, and everyone stared at me, surprised.
I was surprised too.
 The thing in her hand was, without a doubt, an almond...
"What the heck...?
 What\'s going on here...?"
"Gohda.
 There seem to be two almonds, ......so are they both winners?"
"But, .........that shouldn\'t have......"
"Does this mean that one of the two made a mistake...?"
"Ange-sama\'s is clearly an almond.
 ......How about your end, Kanon-kun?"
"Eva-sama\'s is clearly an almond."
"Hohhohohohohoho.
 Then it seems that they both win."
"............My lord."
"Heheheheheheh...!
 What an odd occurrence.
 What\'s all this, Gohda?"
"Ah, umm, ......well, ......it seems we\'ve had a little mistake......
 Uh, ......perhaps they should do rock, paper - "
"Come now, don\'t be stingy.
 It just means that two almonds have appeared to signify the queen and the princess."
"Precisely.
 Let\'s have them both be winners."
"Ah, well, but........."
Gohda was hesitant.
Actually, he had prepared a single special dessert for the king.
It had been decorated in a way that made it hard to split for two people.
 So, it wasn\'t convenient for there to be two kings.
When Eva heard Gohda mumbling something to this effect, she shrugged and laughed.
"In that case, let\'s have Ange-chan be the princess."
"The princess!
 I\'m the princess...?!"
"I\'ll be your attendant.
 That works, right?"
Of course it worked.
Ange had been worried that Eva would be declared the winner, since she had spoken up first.
So, she hadn\'t even dreamed that Eva would give it up to her.
"But, are you sure...?
 You won too."
"It\'s okay. I get to be your attendant.
 Come, princess.
 What wish do you want granted...?
 Let\'s hear it."
"I\'ve.........already chosen my wish......"
"Oh.
 And what is it?
 Won\'t you tell your auntie?"
I want this fun time to keep on going.
 ......Forever.
The young me spoke for the desire in my heart.
"I, ......I want all the fun stuff from before...to keep going!"
I get the feeling that the nuance has changed.
Still, that was unmistakably my wish.
"From before?
 ......Oh, you mean those tricks and quizzes?"
"Yeah!"
"Then this is what we\'ll do.
 Listen up, everyone.
 This is an order from your princess.
 Remember how much fun we were having before this?
 Let\'s all entertain Ange-chan with tricks and quizzes."
"Hold up there.
 I already used up all my material for tricks."
"Then let\'s do quizzes and riddles."
"So, we all just have to entertain Ange-chan with quizzes?"
"We can all present quizzes to our princess to entertain her."
"I see.
 Understood."
"Wahahaha!
 Yes, how intriguing.
 Then, Ange, let us do it this way.
 Everyone will give you a quiz or a riddle, and you can try to solve them.
 Each time you succeed, I will give you a medal."
"A medal?"
"He probably means commemorative medals.
 If you get a lot of puzzles right, you\'ll get a lot of medals."
"Hohhohohohoho.
 Just gathering medals is a tad boring, don\'t you think?"
"Yes.
 Depending on the number of medals you collect, I shall give you a fantastic present...!
 Well, do you suddenly feel fired up?!"
"It sounds amazing.
 So, there\'s even a prize...!"
"*giggle*.
 Isn\'t that great, Ange?"
"Y-......yeah...!"
Everyone gathered around me, smiling, as they thought about what sort of puzzle they\'d give.
They\'re all thinking about me, so that they can play with me.
Just the feel of having that all to myself almost made me explode with joy at becoming the princess.
