"I\'ll make the ending just a little stylish... there.

I\'m... done!
It\'s finiiiiished!"
I finally finished it!
The script for the play Saku asked me to write!

One day of planning, one day of writing, one day for the final revisions, a total of three days and nights spent to produce this masterpiece!

"Hey, Jessie, how do you come up with the song lyrics you\'re always writing?"

"It\'s simple.
I just take the songs that come from my heart and turn them into music!
...Why do you ask?"

"So in other words, you take stories that bubble up from your heart and turn them into lyrics?"

"Yes, that\'s what I said.
In other words!
I set the stories gushing from my heart aloft on wings of music!"

"That\'s right, that\'s right!
Your songs are stories, Jessie!
I bet if you wrote a story, it\'d be amazing!"

"Ahahahaha, well, maybe!
If I wrote a story, I\'m sure it\'d end up being awesome!

...So, why\'d you bring that up?"

...Honestly, I should have given it more thought before I promised anything.

It turned out there was going to be a play at next month\'s culture festival.
I had no idea that I\'d end up having to write a script with just a three-day deadline.

I just got caught up in the enthusiasm and atmosphere of the moment.

I started thinking to myself, "With my heart and good taste, maybe I can do it~".

...Come to think of it, Mom warned me about this, didn\'t she.
"You and your father both have the bad habit of getting caught up in the mood of a situation and agreeing to things. You have to be careful."

...Agh, I\'m sorry, Mom.

Anyway.
This was the result of the three days and nights of hard labor I\'d brought down on myself.

I finished up the writing late at night, and flopped into bed with a thud...

"...Fuaahhh..."

So what... do you think?..
I slaved over it for three days...

I worked that long without any sleep...
so my mind is kinda fuzzy...

Screw you, Saku...
You\'re going to pay dearly for this...
*grumble, grumble*.
This is my first time writing a script for a play... I\'m sure there are some rough spots here and there.

But all of my ideas, humor, heart, love and passion...
...I mixed a bunch of things together, and the result is my big, moving, masterpiece script.

It\'ll definitely get thunderous applause at the culture festival.

Who wrote this wonderful script?

Ehh, Jessie?!
Wow, that\'s amazing!~
"No-no, not at all... I mean, you\'re not wrong, but...
Ehehehe...*mumble, mumble*."

"Hmmm, is it really that great?
If you\'re praising it so much, let me take a look."

...Eh?
Who?
I was almost asleep by now, and turned absentmindedly toward the voice.

...It was a young girl I had never seen before, clad in a pink dress.

She was standing there, munching on popcorn, all the while reading the script I had just finished writing.

When she finished reading it, she laughed in delight.

"Kyahahahahahaha!
This is hilarious.
Especially the punchline, that was the best!
Kyahahahahahahahaha!"

"T-thanks...
*mumble, mumble*."

...That\'s strange.
I don\'t remember putting in a punchline that would make someone roar with laughter like that...

Well, it doesn\'t matter.
I don\'t know who this girl is, but she did praise me...

That means the play will definitely become famous.
It\'ll definitely, certainly be a huge hit, without a doubt...

"Hmm.
It will "certainly" be a hit, you said? Are you really that confident?"

"...Without confidence, I wouldn\'t have started writing it in the first place.
...*grumble, grumble*.
...Definitely, certainly."

"Certainly?"

"As certain as it could be."

"...Very well.
This script was written with absolute certainty of its success.
Then I, the Witch of Certainty, Lambdadelta-chan-sama, will bestow the magic of certainty upon it!"

"...The hell?
...That sounds fishy...
*grumble, grumble*."

"Hey!

How dare you call it fishy!
The magic I\'m casting on this script is really amazing, okay?!
You could say this script will certainly..."
The childish girl in pink was boasting about something, but...
my consciousness was fading in and out, and I couldn\'t understand anything.

In the end it left me completely, and my soul began to sink into my fluffy feather futon and memory foam pillow...

The next morning.

As soon as I woke up, I dashed over to the guesthouse as fast as I could, barely able to control my impatience.

Battler was visiting the mansion for the first time in forever, and I wanted to have him read the work I had "certain" confidence in.

Shannon happened to be there as well, so I took the opportunity to capture her and made both of them read it.

"Wow!
You wrote a play script, Jessica?
Huh!"

"You\'re amazing, Milady.
You can do anything."

"No, no, not at all.
It was my first time, and I only had three days, so it was a pretty close fight, ehehe..."

"But in spite of that, it\'s a great masterpiece that you have full confidence in."

"*giggle*.
So you want the two of us to read this script and give you our impressions, right?"

"It\'d be kinda dry if we just read it.
Wouldn\'t it be better if we actually tried acting it out?!"

"Eh?!?!

I, I\'ve never, um, done any acting before, and!.."

"Wow, what a great idea.
If you guys actually perform it for me, I can watch and do a final check on it too."

"In that case, it\'s decided!
Let\'s do it, Shannon!
Or maybe you\'re uncomfortable being my co-star?"

"N-no, not at all.

I, I will humbly fulfill your request..."

So...
It was sudden, but the first performance of my script was decided on.

With a red pen in one hand, I put on airs of being a scriptwriter.

"Hey!
There\'s a prince in this!
Okay, I\'ll be the prince then!"
"Then I\'ll be in charge of the narration and play the princess."

"Right, let\'s get started.
Your narration is up first, Shannon!"

"T-then, ...I\'ll begin.
...Ahem."

With that, Shannon walked forward and began to read the narration that marked the beginning of the story...

"This is a story of a place deep in the world of fairy tales.
In this land, there was a country called Rokken Kingdom."

"Rokken Kingdom is a pretty simplistic name."
"Shush, Battler.

Not during the performance!"

"Deep in the mountains of Rokken Kingdom, there was a tall, tall tower, and in that tower, a princess was imprisoned...

...Eh?"

*rumble, rumble*.
"W-what\'s going on?!.."
"What the hell?!.."

As Shannon began to read the narration,
the scenery around them started to slowly warp, making a sound similar to that of an earthquake.

The scenery outside completely changed to that of a mountain range, and from among the mountains, accompanied by a loud rumble...
Impossible! A tower was emerging!

Yes.
A tower.
Not a bamboo shoot,
a real, actual tower.

It was just like something you\'d see in a fairy tale illustration, made of stone and giving an impression of dignified strength... In other words, it was a tower.

...A tower in the mountains.

"So... your narration just now came true?!"
"M-milady, ...what on Earth is happening?.."

"...That reminds me... Last night, I sort of remember having a weird dream...
Something about magic being cast on my script...
No, that\'s ridiculous..."

"Hehe, how interesting.
Why not? Full points for realism!
Let\'s continue!"

"...M-milady?
Is it alright for us to continue?"

"W-we can\'t stop now! A woman must be brave!
Go ahead, Shannon.
Continue!"

"R-right.
...Um.

...The tower was surrounded by a dense jungle."

"Whoa, this time a jungle popped up!
Awesome, that\'s amazing!
What\'s next?!"

"T-the jungle was inhabited by a group of monsters, who... attacked the prince and his men..."

"...A group of... wait, what?"

...*rumble*, ...*rumble, rumble, rumble*...
The low rumbling of the ground was gradually growing both louder and closer.

The jungle shook, and colorful birds cried as they took flight in every direction.

"...Uh, hahaha.
I thought it\'d be interesting if there was a climax right away, or something like that..."

"And I\'m gonna wipe out those monsters with no sweat, right?
Right?!"

"...T-the script...says you\'re attacked by the monsters and meet a terrible fate."

"Y-you see...
In this kind of situation, everyone would expect the prince to win. Wouldn\'t that just be boring?.."

"The prince who\'s gonna meet that terrible fate is me!
And what kind of terrible fate is it anyway?!
The script says nothing about it!"

While they were arguing, the rumbling continued to grow closer.

*RUMBLE, RUMBLE, RUMBLE, RUMBLE*!!!

"Hieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!"

A large herd of goats was plowing through the jungle, straight toward us!

I say goats, but they weren\'t running on four legs.

They were each wearing something like a black tailcoat and running on two legs like a person.

Every single one of them was excessively muscular, and gave off the horrible stench of male sweat!

But even more frightening than that were their flaming red eyes and messily drooling mouths!

"R-run!
Master Battler, Milady!!!"

"Let\'s run away before that terrible fate can meet us!
Go, Jessica, hurry up!"

"O-okay...

... wah...!"

My foot snagged on the root of a suspicious-looking tropical plant.

I didn\'t even have time to scream before I toppled to the ground.

"J-jessica, you idiiiiiiiot!""Miladyyyyy!!!"

The huge herd of goats swarmed toward me, and were on the verge of swallowing me up.

Even if there weren\'t a whole herd of them, a single one of those huge bodies would probably be enough to crush me as flat as a pancake.

...I\'ve never heard of a scriptwriter being killed by their own script before.

Gyaaaaaaa!!!
...Eh?

Suddenly, a miracle occured.

For some reason, the goats all simultaneously burst open... and transformed into an infinite number of soap bubbles.

I was left standing in a fantastical storm of soap bubbles.

...With a *pop, pop, pop*, I was soon covered in a soapy film.

What... the hell...?

"Milady!
Are you okay...?"

"...But the script had nothing like this in it..."

"*giggle*.

You see, I took the liberty of making some amendments."

In Shannon\'s hand, there was a red pen and the script that I dropped when I fell down.

Basically,
in a moment of quick-wittedness,
she had amended the script so that
"the goats turned into soap bubbles and disappeared".

"Not bad, Shannon!"

"I\'m honored that I could be of service..."

"But... man, what the hell...
We were supposed to be in the guesthouse, weren\'t we?

But this is totally some kind of jungle, right?
It\'s a tropical forest, it\'s a fantasy, right?!
We\'ve been sucked into the world of the script!"

"...Perhaps this is the magic of Lady Beatrice..."

"That dream... maybe it wasn\'t a dream?
...The one about a suspicious pink witch who cast a weird spell on my script..."

"Jessica.
Just for future reference.
What\'s going to happen next in this story?"

"Um, let\'s see... It\'s an adventure story full of twists and turns... and there\'s lots of, uh... I mixed in some apples and honey and let it simmer..."

"Listen, I wrote a whole lot without sleeping for three days, okay!
My head\'s all fuzzy, but I still made it by the deadline!
That\'s why, um, um!!!"

"... In other words, you don\'t remember much of what happens in the story either, Milady..."

"S-sorry..."

If we turned the pages of the script, its story would progress.

Anyway,...
we discussed various ways of escaping from this jungle... no, from this story... and tried them out.

First, we tried physically destroying the script.

... It seemed that it was protected by magic or something, and no matter how much we stomped on it or kicked it, we couldn\'t even put a crease in it.

Next, we tried writing "The End" at the bottom of the current page.

At that point, the letters disappeared by themselves, and a different message in red ink rose into view:

"#ff0000Unless it is performed to completion, the story will certainly not end#ffffff."

We tried experimenting in a variety of ways, ...but it was all useless.

Escaping this place by ignoring the rest of story was impossible.

"Isn\'t that obvious?
It\'s a script of certainty with my magic of certainty cast on it, right?
So it certainly can\'t end in the middle!"

"Ah, ...Ahhhhhh!!!
You\'re that witch who showed up in my dream!!!"

"Exactly~ So, how are you liking my magic?

Ow! Battler, did you just hit me?!
You hit me, the Witch of Certainty, Lambdadelta-chan-sama?!"

"If this is all your fault, that makes things simple!
Hurry up and end this crazy world!"

"I can\'t do that.
At this point I\'m just an observer.
The one spinning this story is Jessica.
So even I can\'t make the story end."

"That\'s ridiculously irresponsible!"

"Who\'s the one who wrote this irresponsible script in the first place?!"

"A... anyway...
What you\'re saying is that we have no choice but to perform the story all the way to the end, right?"

"You got it.
Okay, good luck~!
I\'m off to get some popcorn."

Lambdadelta disappeared.
...We had a pretty good idea of the situation now.

No way out.
No choice but to go forward.

"But we do have a weapon..."
"We\'ll have to rely Jessica\'s red pen, huh..."

The story would develop as written in the script.

However, it seemed that by amending it right away with the red pen, we could alter the story one page at a time.

We had no choice but to continue otherwise.

Even though we were afraid of what awaited us.

At any rate, I had written it while half-asleep, letting my pen be guided by my heart...

Even I couldn\'t fully remember how the story would develop.

"Let\'s perform it, then!
I\'m the one who wrote it, so I\'m sure it\'ll have a happy ending!"

"...It\'s kinda worrying that the person who wrote it can\'t remember it."

"L-let\'s just do our best..."

"Alright?
...Shannon.
Go ahead with the next bit of narration, please."

Shannon prepared herself for the worst, and turned the page.

"Emerging from the dense jungle, they found themselves in a snowy country."

The jungle vanished without a trace, ...and we found ourselves surrounded by a vast snow field.

It was pristine, without a single footprint.
We could see glaciers in the distance, and an aurora glittered in the sky. It was a wondrous scene...

"...*whistle*.
...This is some pretty awesome scenery..."

"Rather than just a snowy country,... it seems more like the North Pole, doesn\'t it..."

"Wah!
Brrrrr!
Was it really necessary to reproduce the temperature?!"

"Cooooooooooooooooooolllllllddddddddd!!!"

"I\'m the prince, aren\'t I?!
Somebody bring me a warm coat!!
Dammit, so what\'s happening in the script now?!"

"L-let\'s see...
The prince, who was on the verge of freezing to death,

...was attacked by a yeti, and met a terrible fate..."

"AGAIN?!?!

Jessicaaaaaaaa! Do you have some kind of grudge against princes or something?!!"

"N-no, I, you see!
...Saku was the one who pushed this awful job to me, so I was pissed off at her.
And then I heard that she was gonna play the role of the prince,
so, yeah, um, ...ihihi!~"

"Rrrrrooooooooaaaaaaaaaarrrrr!!!!"
"Ugyaaaaa, it\'s the yetiiiii!!!"

*boom, boom*!!!
With a crash, the yeti swung an enormous club the size of a log!

Uwa, be carefuuuuuuuuul!!!

Wait, this is no time to stand around looking surprised! Gotta revise the script!

"#ff0000Suddenly, the yeti mended its ways, and befriended the prince and his men!#ffffff"

"Roaaaaaaaaa...
...?!

...*cough*
cough*!"
"Thank goodness...
Wow, that was close..."
"But now this guy\'s being too friendly.
Hey, my hair\'s gonna get messed up, so stop patting me on the head...

...A banana?
No thanks. Where did you even get that from, anyway!?"

"Milady.
Let\'s write a bit more and make Mr. Yeti our guide."

"Good idea...
If we don\'t hurry up and get out of here, we\'re gonna end up as popsicles...!"

And so...

The prince and his men, having befriended the yeti, were guided safely out of the snowy countryside...

The next rough spot was a volcanic region covered with boiling magma...

"W-what kind of a hellish scenario is this?!
How were you planning to perform this at a culture festival?!"

"I have no idea!
I\'m not in charge of the scenery!"

"And in the volcanic region, a dragon with massive wings attacked them, breathing flames from its mouth..."

""Ugyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!""
"And in the cursed graveyard, they were attacked by a countless number of zombies..."

""Ugyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!""
"In the deserts of hell, a giant poisonous scorpion raised its tail high..."

""Ugyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!""
"In the demons\' swamp, hordes of bloodsucking leeches attacked, one after the other..."

"Oh, come on already!!!"
"Milady, hurry!"

"#ff0000But the prince and his men were protected by a magical barrier, and remained unharmed...#ffffff

There... *huff*puff*!"

"B-barely made it at the last second again...
Geez, ...I\'m wiped out..."

The prince and his men had suffered many hardships, and were now wiped out.

And now the stage had returned once again to the jungle...
When they managed to push their way through the dense thickets of tropical plants...

"The tower!
We f-finally made it to the princess\' tower!"

"T-then, I can finally play the princess...!"

"But before that, if I remember correctly, the strongest and most terrible sorcerer is going to appear, and he\'ll be the final enemy standing in our way...!"

At the summit of the tower, there was a human figure.

He was wearing a large, jet-black cloak, and his silhouette had an imposing presence.

This was surely the one who had kidnapped the princess and locked her in the tower, the strongest and most terrible sorcerer...

"Go, Jessica!"

"I\'ve got the hang of this now!

#ff0000The great sorcerer leapt nimbly from the tower, ...
...directing his fall toward the prince and his men.

And just like that, he crashed to the ground and died!#ffffff

"And just like that, he crashed to the ground and died..."?!

"Bwahahahahahaha!
What the hell, what the hell, that\'s hilarious,
ahyahyahyahya!"

Lambdadelta had appeared when we weren\'t looking, and was clutching her stomach and laughing uproariously.

"But that\'s the end of your trouble-filled journey, huh?
Okay, time for the emotional finale!"

"We don\'t need you to tell us that!
Shannon, you\'re the princess now!
Jessica, take care of the narration!"

"Ba-Battler..."
"...I\'m the prince right now."

"To be honest, there was originally supposed to be a kiss here, but I figured it\'d be lewd, so I cut it and just had them live happily ever after...

All\'s well that ends well, right?"

"Ehhh, come on!
I wanted to see Battler\'s and Shannon\'s kissing scene~
...Oh, well, whatever~
That funny punchline is coming up next anyway."

"What punchline?
There was none.
This is the ending already, you see...?"

It was true. Jessica\'s script had ended there.

There was no punchline intended.
The prince rescued the princess, happy end.
...As far as I remember it, anyway.

And yet, Lambdadelta licked her lips, and gave them a cold smirk.

"...It\'s over, Lambdadelta!
Let us go already!"

"You know,
I\'d love to.
...But the punchline is still waiting for you."

"A punchline...?!"

"Yes, that\'s correct.
A pu-n-ch-line.
...The whole reason I gave this script magic was because "that part" caught my interest.
Hey, Bern, are you watching?!
The good bit\'s about to start!"

Bernkastel\'s figure appeared floating in the air, still in the middle of a yawn.

"Yeah, I\'ve been watching it.
Such a boring play.
... So?
Does this thing really have an entertaining ending...?"

"Yes, certainly.
I guarantee it."

"...It\'s amusing enough...
to blow away even my boredom?"

"*giggle, giggle, giggle*.
Yes, Bern~
...The stimulating climax is just about to start."

"...Um.
I\'m sorry to interrupt you two, but...
my script is over.
There are no punchlines anywhere.

Here, look."

""*giggle, giggle, giggle, giggle*.""

""Ahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahhahahahahahhahahaha!!!""

With an evil look in their eyes, the Witches of Certainty and Miracles convulsed with laughter.

At that moment, the earth shuddered and cracked open. 

...What the?! An earthquake?!

*rumble, rumble, rumble*, *rumble, rumble, rumble, rumble, rumble*!!!

The tower collapsed,... leaving in its place a gaping, crater-like hole.

...Where did that hole come from?!

When we looked into its depths,
...all of us were struck speechless.

A vast, howling whirlwind.

Coming from a... electric fan?

"What the hell is that?!?!"
"There\'s a huge electric fan spinning away at the bottom of the hole...?!"

The enormous fan was rotating at an incredible speed, and every time a crag crumbled away in the depths of the hole, it was smashed up and reduced to tiny pieces by the blades.

It was a huge, enormous,... killer electric fan!

"W-watch out!
Kyaah!"

Cracks continued to open up in the earth, and everything began to collapse into the ever-widening hole, as if it were all being devoured by the fan!

If we didn\'t get out of there fast,... we\'d end up falling into that hole too!

"Everything is crumbling away!
Jessica, Shannon!
Let\'s run for it, hurry!!!"

"Master Battler!
Look out!!!"

"Uwah?!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!"

The earth opened wider, and Battler was swallowed up.

Shannon just barely managed to grab hold of his arm,... but she too was dragged into the hole, leaving her dangling by one arm from the edge...

"Battleeeer!!!
Shannooooon!!!"

"...L, let go of my arm and climb up, Shannon!"
"N-no...!
If I do that, you will...!"

One of Battler\'s shoes slipped off and tumbled into the abyss.

It was sucked into the fan, torn to pieces, and scattered...

"Let go of my hand...!
At this rate, we\'re both going to die!!!"
"...I can\'t obey that order!"

"Shannon, hold tight...!
I\'ll pull you both up!

...Aaaaahhh!!!"

Another huge fissure appeared in the earth, and Jessica found herself separated from the others.

The other two were in trouble, but she couldn\'t even go and help them...!

"Battleeeeeer!
Shannoooooon!
Dammiiiiiiiiiiiiit!!!"
"Ahhahahahahahahaha, aaahhahhahahahahahahahahahaha!!!"
Looking down on Jessica, who was crying out in despair,... Bernkastel sneered.

"Nice climax.
...Since I get to see Battler and Shannon be turned into hamburger. Jessica will go the same way, right?
...Not bad.
It\'s a fine punchline, alright."

"Right?
*giggle, giggle*.
I love you, Bern.
...Because I know exactly what kinds of stories you love the most."

"Screw you!
How dare you turn my script into this nightmare!"

"Nightmare or not,
you were the one who wrote this."

"I didn\'t write anything like this at all!!!"
"You wrote all that messed-up stuff earlier, though, didn\'t you?"

It was true, everything before now had been her work.
Which is why Jessica revised it.

But she hadn\'t written anything at all about this killer electric fan to begin with!

Jessica tried over and over to write about Battler and Shannon being saved, but the letters just vanished, as if they had been written on a sandy beach and then washed away by the waves.

"What\'s going on?!

Why can I not revise this?!

Dammiiiiiiit!!!"

Shannon\'s grip on Battler was growing weaker by the moment...

#ff0000The electric fan stopped!#ffffff
Doesn\'t work!
#ff0000The two were miraculously saved!#ffffff
Still doesn\'t work?!
#ff0000The story ended, and we were saved!#ffffff

...Why is nothing working?!!

"Why?!
After everything else I wrote in red before, why can\'t I write more?!"

"Well, the story\'s already over, right?
You can only make revisions within the actual story."

"It\'s impossible to revise anything outside of it."

""*giggle, giggle, giggle, giggle, giggle*!""

"Dammit all to hell!!!


Are you saying this nightmare is the climax of the story?!
...You damned witches!
How dare you, how dare you screw up my script,... and make everyone suffer like this!?"

"The one wrote this whole screwed-up script was you, wasn\'t it?"

"...Even this gruesome bad end, you know?
*giggle, giggle*."

"No!
I never wrote anything about everyone being swallowed up by a killer electric fan and dying!!!"

"Oh, really?"

"...And here we were, just trying to explain things to you,
so you wouldn\'t be made a laughingstock."

"This girl is pretty paper-ish.
She probably doesn\'t get it."
"Guess so.
...*giggle, giggle, giggle*."

"...Master Battler, I\'m sorry...
...My hand... is about to..."

"...It\'s fine...
Hurry up and let go of me...
And then climb up, without looking back...!"

"I can\'t live by myself...!
...If you\'re going to die,... I\'m going with you!"

"Don\'t be stupid, you have to live!"

"You\'re the prince who came to save me, aren\'t you?!
I don\'t want to be alone anymore...!"
One by one,... Shannon\'s fingers, clutching the face of the cliff,... began to lose their grip...

...It was all... useless...

"Aaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"

Shannon and Battler tumbled down to hell.

In the moment of free fall before they were sucked into the killer electric fan,... they hugged each other tightly.

So that at the very least, they would be able to meet their ends together.

The two steeled themselves, shutting their eyes tightly...

*thump*!
"...Eh?!"
"What?!"

They weren\'t in hell, nor were they in the middle of the killer electric fan\'s blades,
...they were on a bed in the guesthouse.

For a moment, they sat there holding each other tightly in amazement...

"...Was that... a dream?"
"No.
...It couldn\'t possibly be."

Their bodies were still covered with scratches from the cliff face they had been scraped against just a few moments earlier.

That great adventure in which they\'d risked their lives really had happened.

...The fact that they\'d returned to their own world...
meant that the story had safely reached its "end".

It was clear that Jessica had managed to revise the story at the very end.

...But Jessica herself was nowhere to be seen.

In the meantime, Jessica...
...was in front of the writing desk in her own room.

Lying on the desk were the script and the red pen.
Jessica had collapsed on top of them.

Lambdadelta and Bernkastel were standing on opposite sides of her.

At the very last moment, she had managed to revise one single line.

Because of that, the story had ended, and Battler and Shannon had been saved.

But... how?

Jessica hadn\'t written anything about that huge electric fan in the first place.

No matter how many times she\'d tried to revise it, the change hadn\'t been accepted because the story was already over.

However, Jessica had certainly made a revision.
She had changed a single letter.

...In other words...

"...*giggle, giggle*.
Good for you.
Now you won\'t be made a laughingstock."

"Y-yeah...
Thank you so very much."

Jessica, who was still slumped over the desk, timidly raised her head.

Her face was bright red with embarrassment.

"Because I\'m so paper, I\'m in no position to be saying this...
but if you want to insert cool-looking English words...
you should really make sure that you\'ve spelled them right."

"...By the way,
the word "FIN" is actually French."

"Y-yeah...
...I thought something was off about it..."

"You just miswrote it because you were sleepy, right?"

"...No, um,... ahahahahahahahahaha..."

She\'d thought it would be cool to write <FIN> at the end of the story.

...But she was far too embarrassed to ever tell anyone...
that she ended up writing <FAN> by mistake.

"...What was that? I\'ll ask again. You just miswrote it because you were sleepy, right?"

"O-of course...
Ihi, ihihihihihi..."
