"Uu-uu, uu-uu!
So many roses!
So many roses!
Uu-!"

"Maria, don\'t be so hasty, you\'ll fall again!"

"Hey, Jessica, Maria!
Let\'s go and say hello to Grandpa and the others, first."

"This rose garden is so darn beautiful every time I see\'t...ain\'t it?"

"I liked it much better before the remodelling.
My brother\'s got no sense of style at all."

"Can\'t you do anything else but complain?
Ouchouch!
Not the ears, don\'t pull the ears!"

"Ahahaha",
"Ufufufufu",
"Kyahahahahaha".

The family members, coming for the family conference, strolled around the rose garden, bickering like always.

But this year was slightly different from the last.

...Because, after having been apart from the Ushiromiya family for six years, Battler had returned. 

"It really has been a long time, but just as expected, the mansion and the garden are still huge!.."

"Damn, after 6 years of no contact at all I can\'t believe that the first thing you\'ve noticed after coming back is "the mansion and the garden are still huge"!

"Hahaha.
Looks like you got bored in these 6 years without Battler, huh, Jessica?
But the area here is not the only thing that seems huge.
Battler, you\'ve grown quite a lot as well!"

"Maria didn\'t grow at all, did she?
Time passes, but I always remain the same size, uu-."

"Don\'t worry.
You\'ll start growing soon too.
In a whole variety of ways!
Ihihihihi!"

"???
Mama?
Are there many ways one can grow?"

"Hey, Battler, you pervert!!!
Don\'t teach Maria such weird stuff!"

"Uwaaa!
Jessica\'s violent ways haven\'t changed at all either!
Ihihihihi!"

"Hey, let\'s go you brats, you can fool around later!"

"It\'s the first time they met in 6 years.
They\'re all pretty excited."

"Now, everyone.
I will lead you to the guesthouse.
Please come along, this way..."

"Eh?..
What\'s the problem, Battler?
Did you see something?"

After being called by Gohda, everyone headed towards the guesthouse.
Only Battler continued to gaze at the rose garden... calmly and with a little bit of surprise in his eyes.

"Battler, what\'s up?"

"Ah, sorry. Just go ahead wihtout me."

"...Uu?
...Battler, is something wrong?.."

"I just want to feel the wind a little longer.
...Just give me a bit."

"What\'s up with you being so smug?..
Can\'t you do that as much as you want later?"

Until just now he had been carelessly fooling around with his cousins.

But now, all of a sudden, Battler\'s expression showed a slight hint of gloom.

His eyes did not reflect his cousins.

The only thing it reflected, was the sight of the rose petals dancing through the rose garden,
...or maybe even the grey sky at the horizon.

"...Alright then.
Well, let\'s go, everyone."

Battler came back to Rokkenjima -- no, the Ushiromiya family -- after six years.

It was clear that he needed some time to sort out his feelings.

George understood that, and so he asked Maria and Jessica to accompany him ahead.

After all, it\'s been six years.

Just now, they had been playing the same way they used to six years ago,
but despite that, it was still six whole years.

After such a long time it was surely not just his height and features, but his mind as well.
He must have changed severely.

In that expression, one could see something entirely different than the Battler from 6 years ago, who was just a child.

Jessica thought so as well.

"Got it.
...We\'re gonna go ahead.
See you later, Battler!.."

"...Yeah.
Later."

Maria spurted ahead hastily when she was called by Rosa, and George and Jessica followed her.

After that, the only thing left in the rose garden, among the silently blowing wind, was Battler\'s figure.

"..."

After he had made sure that all signs of the family members had vanished into the guesthouse,
...Battler relaxed a little, let the tension leave his shoulders and sighed shortly.

...Battler.
..."Battler", huh?...

"Ushiromiya Battler".

That\'s supposed to be my name.
I have been called by it many times.

...Obviously. That\'s what a name is.

But, as sad as it is to admit, the "Ushiromiya Battler" that I know and myself are completely different people.

It was then that a forceful wind blew through the rose garden.

In the blink of an eye, the rose petals scattered and danced about, revealing a fantastic scenery.

But then...those dancing rose petals, as if they were frozen in time, stopped moving in midair.

That was a parallel world, where only the wind blew.

"Lord Battler.
Welcome back."

"Oh, Ronove.
...You\'re looking good.
How long has it been since we last met?"

"After \'Land of the Golden Witch\',
I had the privilege to be at your side during \'Trinity of the Golden Witch\'.
...No, if we consider that Lady Bernkastel\'s gameboard is supposed to be the last..."

"...No matter.
However long it was, we met again anyway."

The different colored rose petals in the garden suddenly changed their color...

All of them were suddenly of a beautiful gold.

This was no longer the rose garden of the Ushiromiya family.
It was the place where golden roses bloomed, the Golden Land.

Battler sat on a garden chair and looked up to the sky.

Ronove made some tea with a magic tea set, and then offered it to Battler.

"...So, I am right here now.
...It means I\'d better play out my part as myself, right?"

"Well, ...how shall we proceed?"

"A piece has its duty as a piece.
Once it has been placed on the gameboard, as long as it remains within the boundaries of the role given, ...it can run wild on the board to its heart\'s content.
Isn\'t that the entire point?"

"That is correct.
And you have been summoned here once again, 
precisely for that purpose."

"So you mean...
...I can do whatever I want... no matter what it is?
...Right?"

"That is quite correct.
Therefore, your role is..."

"To run as wild as I want."

"Exactly, \'Master Battler\'."

"Heh,
...Hahhahahahahahahaha."

Battler laughed.

But it wasn\'t a pleasant laugh.
It was a dry laugh, revealing his stance towards being summoned here without knowing what his purpose was, ...having just been burdened with such a stupid job.

"Whatever I end up doing... is my own choice."

"That is correct.
...Whatever you do or don\'t do is
completely up to you.
Though there is just one restriction."

"\'Don\'t ever bore us.\'"

"...Pukuku.
Precisely.
Even I, Ronove, am looking forward to seeing what will you show us in this tale of joy and sorrow."

"And how am I supposed to know what to do?
...Are you completely insane?
Hey, that\'s just like those TV variety shows.
They suddenly call a young actor on stage and tell him to do something fun without any preparation."

"Pukukuku.
Now, now, that is quite a pleasent comparison..."

"...Fine.
I will make them dance once again.
...I will swing the conductor\'s baton on this incomprehensible serial murder case.
Every one of you... I will raise the baton, waiting eagerly, despising your diligent mannerism.

...Hahhahahahahahaha..."

"What story might you spin this time?
The preparations are complete.
...Now, shall I lend you a hand with anything?"

"..."

"Shall it be the letter announcing the murders handed in the rose garden?
Or maybe the preparation of the stage of the tragedy?
Everyone is already eagerly awaiting the curtains to be raised."

"This time... who do I start with?
...No, no.
...How shall I kill them?.."

...\'Ushiromiya Battler\'.

No matter who might see this form, they will suspect nothing.

Still, the expression he was wearing
was that of another person.

Was he really... Ushiromiya Battler?..

He was a piece that had the same shape as Ushiromiya Battler,
...but quite a different role...

"No, that\'s not it.
I don\'t want to see any murders or any corpses.
...What I really want to see is...just that one instant.
I want to be witness to it.
Do you understand what I\'m saying, Ronove?"

"...The most beatiful flicker is the one instant right before a candle is blown out."

"Yeah.

...What I want to see is that most beautiful, most dreadful...
moment of scattering."

Battler stood up as he said this, and while looking up at the dark, violet sky he spread his arms...
and screamed.

"I want it in front of George\'s eyes, while he cannot move!
What colour might the tears be he is going to shed, when I will be slowly strangling Shannon to death in front of his eyes?"

"What colour might the blood that idiot father is going to spill be, when I\'ll blow his head off the moment he learns that his son is the culprit?"

"Aah, I want to see the tears of Aunt Natsuhi.
I will smash Jessica to a bloody, sticky pulp,
and then I will pretend I would have just found her corpse.

What face might Aunt Natsuhi show, and what tears might she shed while starting to run?
With what kind of crumpled face might that beauty cry? I want to see."

"...Aah, and I will cry along with her.
And then I will press her crying to my chest, and will make her think I am crying along with her."

"...And, with the most horrible humility on my face,
I will speak without crying or laughing.
Aagh, ungh, ......uhuhu, uhhuhuhuhu, hahhahahahahahaha, hahhahahahahhahhahhahahahaha!!!"

"Well?
That is the story you all want to see, right?!
Hahahaha, I will show it to you!
I will show you the greatest form of entertainment with an \'Ushiromiya Battler who can be the culprit\',

hahhahyahahhahaaa!!!"

Battler roared towards the sky, no, towards a full house of spectators.

And his exclamation was accompanied by a roaring thunder, just like an applause.

"Truly splendid.
A story truly worth seeing.
Well then, Master Battler!
What will tonight\'s game be?!
How will tonight\'s tragedy turn out?!
Well, who shall be killed first?!"

"The first thing I want to do is an overture.
...I have just arrived here..
And even before we do an overture, we have to tune the instruments."

"No matter how splendid the sound might be, an instrument has to be tuned.
But what shall happen on the stage of tuning?!.."

"I want to try to start by killing you."

"Well, that is something I had not expected.."

"...In what way has the \'me\' on this gameboard been portrayed?
I want to finish testing that quickly and easily.
...This \'me\', was it really written in a way worth to be me?
If it is not a \'me\' that satisfies me,
...I might discard this stage without doing anything at all, you know?.."

Battler said that while looking up at the heavens.

This time his face really was filled with laughter.

Ronove turned the tea set back into a cloud of golden butterflies once again to clean up.
...Then, he revealed his neck by slightly opening his collar.

"Very well, Master Battler.
...Please, do with me as you wish."

"What music will I be able to play,
when I break your fingers,
one by one?
...I want to hear it."

Battler laughed sinisterly.
But in that laugh was neither something bizarre nor something demonic.

It was purity.
The purity of a child, filled with interest.

"...Pukkukukukukukuku, kuhhahahahahaha, ...ahhahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!"

Ronove usually laughed in a prude, composed manner,
...and this huge laughter coming from him was a first for everybody.

"I understand, Master Battler.
Well then, first of all these fingers.
I will offer them to you.
...That is, if you really are the person who is fit to taste my humble fingers..."

"Yes.
I want to test this as well.
...If I was portrayed in a way that I could be able to do something like that.
I want to test it.
If I might actually turn out to be portrayed in a way that is not \'me\', smash me Ronove, tear me into pieces!!
Only such a forgery would be forgiven!"

"Now test me as well, if this \'me\' that has been called forth again, is a forgery worthy of the biggest laughter!..
Now, Ronove, test it...let us both test it!..
Haha, ahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!"

"And now, you can never serve your tea to anyone but me ever again, for all eternity..."

...*clap*, ...*clap, clap*.
Suddenly, a dry clapping could be heard.

"...Look who\'s here.
If it isn\'t Beato.
...If you decide on watching, at least tell me you\'re here."

"What a joke.
...If you were portrayed to express yourself so joyfully, I might become your instrument as well."

"...That might happen.

...After I heard it once, I will never forget your sound ever again.
You were the most perfect violin.
That sound, it was as if it was coming from heaven itself."

"...But I can wait a little longer.
Because it is something really, really important.
...Because that is the one sound that I have loved for a long, long time, and will love for all eternity."

"...Even if you put it like that, ...it\'s dreadful.
...No, it\'s wonderful.
Even with Ronove as your opponent, you have not a single wound."

"Hey, Beato.
...Look at me."

"...I\'m looking."

"Am I \'me\'?.."

This was when Battler completely turned around.

On that face, showing an inhuman smile, ...there was a single rose petal.

It was a red petal, in this Golden Land where only golden roses were supposed to bloom.

"...Hmm.
I\'ll acknowledge it.
...You are \'you\'.
...I am so happy to be able to meet you again.
...And through meeting you, being able to become stronger, more beautiful, ...and more dreadful."

"With every forgery that is written,
...and with each story that is spun around Ushiromiya Battler being the culprit,
...the entity called \'me\' is growing in power."

"That is truly dreadful...
...What might those spectators who are longing for you expect from us?.."

"...Isn\'t that quite obvious?
It is something that applies to the both of us."

"You might be right.
It\'s the same for me and you."

""Never bore us.

Kuhyahyahhahhahahahahahahahaha!!!""

Their laughter was answered by a huge roaring thunder, which became the applause of the spectators.

...Somehow, he and them seemed to have taken a liking to this forgery.

"Well now, Battler.
What will you do now?
From what tragedy will the overture begin?"

"It isn\'t curtain rising time, yet.
...The signal will be the large clock in the hall, at this midnight."

"I understand.
So, what will you start with?"

"First, I\'ll go to the mansion and drink that disgusting tea Gohda always brings us."

"Then, you\'ll gaze at my portrait while you\'re going to the beach,
asking who that woman is."

"And I will hear about the epitaph from them, while having an exaggeratingly surprised look on my face.
Ihihihihi."

"My, my.
It will be a truly boring scenario before midnight."

"You\'re right, truly boring.
So who is it this time?
The author of our forgery?.."

"I have no idea.
Anyone is fine.
And they\'re the same as us.
...They don\'t like boredom.
They like tales written in blood and tears more than anything else, a merciless sadist..."

"Those merciless people will gather one after the other, and create forgeries like us.
...Do you understand?
Even if \'you\' don\'t write anymore about us, we continue to live."

Battler looked up to the sky once again.
He looked bored.
And very provocative.

"Are you watching, Tohya?
Try to stop me soon.
Try to stop this farce!!
Someone try and make me laughhhhhhh!"

It happened so suddenly.
It started to rain in the rose garden.

It happened earlier than ever before.
It was even earlier than that time when Maria starts crying for a rose that went missing.

The roses
weren\'t golden anymore.

Suddenly, we had returned to the Ushiromiya rose garden with its many colors.

There, in the rainy rose garden, Battler stood alone, stock still, looking at the sky...

"Master Battler.
If you keep standing there, you will catch a cold."

"Yo.
Kanon, was it?
...It\'s been a while."

"...Is that so?
So this is your plan for tonight\'s nightmare?"

"Don\'t look at me like that.
Even you want to see it, right?
...How Milady Jessica is reduced to tears, both body and soul.
You want to hear her say that it doesn\'t matter what happens to her, as long as Kanon is set free.
...Don\'t you want to see her cutting off her own fingers again?.."

"...You devil...
Who even called someone like you here?.."

"It was the unstoppably huge number of spectators who expect to see me as the culprit,
and those nameless conductors who bestow that dream upon me."

"..."

"Come on, let\'s go, Kanon.
Or else you\'ll catch a cold."

"...Right."

"And don\'t forget this."
"...I will take care of it."

"Tonight,
when the big clock in the reception hall strikes midnight,
you will deliver this to the family members in the dining room.
You will tell them that there was a knock at the door of the servant\'s room, ...and when you stepped out into the corridor, this envelope was lying on the floor."

"...As you wish."

Again a roaring thunder.
The pitch black sky blinked violently.

Among the still falling rain, Battler once again spread his arms laughing and looked at the sky.

After all, the eternal catbox truly was in his hands.
After all, the recurring nightmare was as he imagined it.

And after all, the fantasies of the people of the future would never deplete.
There would never be boredom.

And this is why...

"Come, the game begins once again tonight!.."

This is why this is the torture that will torment \'you\' for all eternity.

I\'ll be waiting for you, ...my dear, adorable black kitties.
I will quench your thirst, ...with that blood.

I love you, my black kitties.
I will repeat this mad night for all eternity, ...just the way you like it.
Yes, of course.
Tonight we\'ll go with that plan.

Let\'s fall together to the bottom of that eternal darkness,
while we tightly embrace one another.
Ihihihi, hahahahahaha!!!
