Hello, Ryuukishi07 here.
I wish a happy new year to everyone reading this in the new year.

I would like to take the occasion to thank you deeply for buying both Higanbana 2nd Night and Golden Fantasia at the same time.
Did you enjoy the various extras attached this time, like Umineko Hane, or the booklet?
I would be happy if you did.

I was so busy with the creation of Umineko for four years, putting all of my energy into that,
that I actually had fun overcoming various challenges in 2011, like creating the fighting game, the bonus discs, and other stuff.
Since it was new to me, there have been a lot of problems, but it was an unexpectedly fun year.

Well then, this year (2012), I plan to challenge myself with a new work.
My next installment, after Higurashi, Umineko, Golden Fantasia and Higanbana will be Rose Guns Days.

#ff0000I\'ve already decided.#ffffff
Maybe, when you\'ll be reading those words, its production will have already had a full-blown start.
If possible, I\'d like to give a summary introduction in the beginning of the new year, therefore please look forward to it.

With your enjoyment as the most important thing,
I want to make a new setting a little different from those I created until now.
I too am excited by thinking of diving myself in this challenge of drawing a brand new world.
I will keep doing my best this year too, so please keep following us!

And now for some scribbles.
How are you? Are you feeling well?
Last year I\'ve been taken away with the ambulance for the first time, my body was hurting everywhere, all in all it\'s been a year full of troubles.

If your body starts falling apart,
and you smell trouble, please go to a hospital.
If you\'re healthy, people around you will feel happy too.

I will soon be tunrning 40.
Fighting spirit and willpower aside, it\'s become an age of tighter schedules and in which we started talking about having a healthier lifestyle.

I still want to keep doing my production activity for a very long time.
Therefore, health comes first.
And above all,
I want to thank from the bottom of my heart all of the staff members who supported me until today.

It is thanks to them that I could have fun working.
If even one of them wasn\'t there, this couldn\'t have been possible.
I\'m truly happy I\'m surrounded by comrades I can rely on.

Thanks for everything, everyone!
Let\'s make something huge together again, shall we?

Ta-dah!
Ekusa Takahito-sensei sent me a new-year-themed illustration!

It\'s a rough draft for an illustration of Black Battler and Battler,
so thanks for listening to my selfish request of making it \'new year-ish\'!~
Yeah, I\'m so happy I received an illustration that beautiful!

No, I\'m serious.
Once,
I wanted to draw beautiful illustrations too, and I practiced my drawing a lot.

But as you already know...
Yeah, it\'s useless, I really haven\'t got any talent, huh?
I wonder how he managed to draw a picture this beautiful.

This may be a pretty big digression.
Last year, in Rewrite, made by Visual Arts, having the illustrations for my scenario made by Itaru Hinoue-sensei has been a precious personal experience.
I thought that it would be really nice having drawings made by skillful people.
Maybe, when I\'ll be devoting myself to text writing, I could ask someone skilled to make the illustrations for me from time to time...

However, what would you think if Ryuukishi07 wasn\'t drawing anymore?
W-wouldn\'t it be a little sad?!
What? No problem at all?
You prefer having pretty pictures?
Uuunn, is that so, huh?
Bleeh, forget it, lol.

Anyway, I\'ll be doing my best from now!
I want to publish something fun with the help of everyone I asked assistance from again.
Thank you for being by my side until now!
I hope this will prove to be a beautiful year for all of you!
