"For both black tea and green tea, the taste is always much better if there is a snack served alongside it."
"I agree.
Green tea’s tartness is much better if you eat it at the same time as sweet wagashi.
The smell of black tea is much better alongside the taste of western sweets.
If you slip into that sort of rhythm, you can enjoy both even more."
"I agree with your opinion,
however...I think that for these particular snacks, you should only prepare one snack per cup."
"I have no idea what you mean by \'these\' snacks.
....I\'ve been eating and drinking for a while, but I still can\'t figure out what this taste is."
"By the way, this sofa is designed to only seat 2 people.
It’s cramped, Battler."
"Oh, you think so?
That’s what I thought, too. 
We need to eject somebody."
".....Understood.
I’ll leave here, so you two get along..."
"Don’t leave our tea ceremony!!!"
"Shouldn’t an older brother and younger sister who haven’t seen seen each other in a while have time together without anybody else?"
"Why are you so proud of being born after Battler?!"
"We’re blood relatives, while you’re a complete stranger."
"Older brothers have 2 degrees of blood separation with their younger sisters!
Don’t me and Battler, as a married couple, only have one degree of separation?"
"Your delusional notion of being a bride is no different from a creepy otaku who declares somebody a "waifu" every season!
It’s totally worthless!"
"You’re 18 and still a brocon!?
You’re old enough to vote, and get married, but you still can’t leave your brother! Isn’t that ridiculous!!"
"You two...... can....you not fight over me...."
"Onii-chan!
That delusional woman is poisoning you!
Right now, you’re drinking tea with me!!"
"Be quiet, you woman destined for two degrees of blood separation!
Once a man gets a new family, the old one then becomes an outsider.
You’re standing in our parlor, and are standing on formality, *cackle*!"
"Shut up, you homewrecker!!
Out of the way, Onii-chan! !w500 I can’t kill her!"
"..........AS I WAS SAYING.....,"
~ib~ "Don’t fight over me!!!"~ib~
"From my point of view, you feel the opposite, Battler."
"W, what do you mean by opposite?"
"In my opinion, he put himself in between us so that we’d stop fighting."
"And not so that he’d feel good as he’s surrounded by two beautiful women fighting over him?"
"So you’re saying our fight doesn\'t matter since in the end he’s flanked by two beautiful women?"
"He’d be enjoying those big, beautiful breasts on both his arms.
Wouldn’t that make him haaappy?
For the most part, that was what I was saying."
"Do you want to spend time with your flesh and blood sister, or with some delusional fantasy bride?
Be clear, onii-chan!"
"It’s your duty as an older brother to encourage her to step away from her brother and her brocon route!"
"Onii-chan, push her off the sofa!!"
"This sofa is ours, and ours alone...!"
"....I-I’m going to leave, you two can work it out...."
~ib~ "Don’t leave!!""Don’t leave, onii-chan!!"~ib~
Having one couch for three people indeed made for a bustling teatime.
Battler couldn’t do anything, as the front door was occupied by a witch, and the back his sister.
He wanted to ask them to get along,
but that would only pour oil on the fire, so he could only sit back, vaguely laugh, and pray it would end soon.
...In other words, what was this scenario?
Battler had enough wits about him to know that this was dangerous in advance. 
Even if he could have tea with the witch and his sister, he couldn’t do both of them at the same time...
"....Beato, Ange,
.....when did we start drinking tea here?"
"Fuu.
You finally noticed.
...I have no memory of gathering here to start this tea party."
"I see. Same here.
....When a witch calls summons you, this is what it feels like.... you don’t remember how you get there....."
"So that means....we’re pieces on somebody’s gameboard."
"I agree.
If that’s the case, what does the new game master look like?
*cackle*"
"It can’t be...did they call us here just to watch me and Beato fight over Onii-chan.....?
It has to be Bernkastel. Is she unveiling a new Fragment?"
*giggle*
At the name, a new witch’s figured appeared with a flurry of wind surrounding them...
"Who...are you....?"
"That’s not Bernkastel..."
"Introduce yourself, guest. ...I may not know who the game master is, but I am the owner of this tearoom.
You have the duty of introducing yourself before me."
"I apologize for the rudeness, Madam Beatrice, the Golden Witch."
"My name is Piece.
...Witch of the Piece, as my lord has commanded me."
"Did she say... Witch of Peace?"
"No.
Like the chess piece. "
"Witch of pieces, huh..... I see, I understand the purpose of your visit."
"Indeed.
By order of my lord, I have been sent to this game board to challenge it.
...That is, as an assassin."
"...I see.
So you’re here to fight us?
But then it would be three on one. "
"No way.
Wouldn’t taking on three people at once be a pushover?"
"*cackle* *cackle*
The first visitor to this catbox in quite some time seems to be haughty!"
"Are you sure it will be ....okay?"
"My master ordered me to fight you three.
...*giggle*."
"Is it........really okay to look down on us like that?"
"We’ve closed several cat boxes, haven’t we?
Us three will all be your opponent!
*cackle* *cackle*"
"*giggle*"
"*cackle* *cackle* *cackle*"
"I like this idea, guest!
I’ll give you such a thorough and unrelenting welcome that you’ll be able to take those tales back to your master with bloody skin...!"
"Thank you, Lady Beatrice.
With that, let me unveil my master’s Fragment..."
"....At any rate, it’s Bern’s Fragment.
She has awful taste."
"*cackle*
This leisurely life in the catbox can be just a little dull."
"Ah.
This tacky Fragment will at least help me stay awake."
"With all due respect,
...my master is not Bernkastel. "
"Then who is it?
Lambda?
It has to be a witch from the Sea of Fragments, or an anonymous forgery author. "
"If I may be humble,
this Fragment was created by the grand theatergoing witch, Featherine Augustus Aurora."
With that, everybody. 
I raise the curtain.....on my master’s Fragment.
.....Now.
I tire of the strict formalities, piece.
Now piece, let me begin my rampage,
piece,
piece.
Hhehehehe,
hihihihihi!
"Why are the witches entering this catbox all like this?"
"You put trash in the trashcan, and toys in the toybox.
And you put garbage..."
"What the?
Since when did my catbox become a garbage bin!?"
"Oh, I forgot to mention something important beforehand, piece."
"That’s right.
What’s our win condition?
It can’t be writing a ten page review of our opinions of it, right?"
"Could it be finding the trick of a closed room murder?"
"Maybe it could be identifying the culprit."
"It is exactly that, piece.
With honor and respect to Lady Beatrice’s story, I shall ask that same question, piece."
――Who aaaaaaam I?
"...I see.
So you’re the same as Clair, and are a stand-in for “somebody”."
"So she wants us to point out who that “somebody” stands for."
"Correct, piece."
"Hey.
Don’t you get tired of speaking like that?"
"Shut up, 
piece! 
I like to piece 
talk like this, piece 
piecepicepiecepiece!!"
"........Onii-chan, you should apologize."
"Sorry."
"Very well then, let’s begin the first Fragment in a long time!"
"*giggle*
Then, I’ll raise the curtain, piece!"
A storm was over Rokkenjima.
However, warm light was overflowing from the Ushiromiya Family dining room...
"Happy Halloween!"
Bang! Bang!
A christmas cracker was pulled, and a sound rang out as Kinzo, the Head of the family,
appeared in a hat styled after a Jack-o-lantern.
The other members of the Ushiromiya family were also meeting the sound of heavy thunder with a smile.
The oldest son Krauss\'s family.
Krauss, Natsuhi and Jessica.
The oldest daughter Eva\'s family.
Eva, Hideyoshi and George.
The second son\'s family.
Rudolf, Kyrie and Battler. 
And also, Ange. 
The second daughter\'s family.
Rosa and Maria.
And finally the servants,
Genji, Shannon, Kanon, Gohda and Kumasawa.
And furthermore, the advising alchemist to the Ushiromiya Family, Beato...
"This is.....it’s the Halloween party from Twilight that Onii-chan showed me."
"Is that so?
Ange didn’t fall ill with stomach pain, so she was able to attend the family conference in 1986."
"...Piece.
These people... if everybody were to take a commemorative photograph together, would everybody present be displayed in the picture...?"
"Please do not ask questions during the movie, piece.
You should first relax and enjoy it. *giggle*
Any moment now should be my debut, piece! Please, welcome me, piece!"
It was a suitable time for a fun halloween party...
The ocean was surging against the cliffs, and that spray violently scattered about...
Beneath those waves, something glowing a faint blue could be seen.
That small blue light was a Fragment containing a bottle. 
Due to the waves, it was flung onto the rocks, and was scattered in tiny pieces.
In time with the thunder.....the bottle released a glow of light, which began to fly about like a swarm of butterflies.
The sight of them flying about in a storm was a beautiful thing.
And then, near the Ushiromiya manor, 
opposite  the  rose  garden,  the  figure  of  a  witch  formed...
For the sake of creating a tragedy tonight, a Fragment was sent in from the sea to kill.
A piece......
"Did you think it was the perverted detective who washed ashore here?!
Too bad!
It\'s the witch beauty Piece-chan, piece!!"
Despite how she was dressed, the witch of pieces looked pathetic as she was battered by the violent winds.
Any sort of umbrella would be flipped inside out.
And with that, the witch’s skirt was also overturned in that way.
"Hiyaaa!
You can see my underwear, piece!!
Because I didn’t put on stockings or anything, it’s in plain sight, piece!
Uwaaaaa!"
What would this fool of a witch be able to do.... Besides feeling vertigo?
However, the three people who had accepted her challenge did not see any of her amusing behavior.
.....Because they knew this sort of witch could exhaust the limits of cruelty.
But in that sense, everybody was already used to run-of-the-mill killing methods.
As they told themselves to leave their human hearts behind, Battler and Ange were already prepared to be detached from the tragedy.
Only Beato was excited for it as she ate potato chips.
".........Hm?"
The door was locked, but that had no meaning for a witch.
But even so, she needed to touch the doorknob to open the door.
Static electricity sparked, and she drew her hand back...
Piece once again stretched out her hand.
But the result was the same.
Once more, her fingertip was repelled...
"This... is brazen.
It’s a barrier.
...I see. As one might expect from Kinzo, the Ushiromiya family magician.
An uninvited guest cannot simply cross over the threshold, right, piece?
*giggle*"
As she elegantly laughed, she tried to open the door several times, but couldn’t.
It seemed to be a particularly strong barrier.
At the very least, it looked like the witch of pieces couldn’t break it...
While she appeared to take shelter from the storm under the eaves of the entrance vestibule,
she thought about what to do next with an impish smile on her face...
"I apologize for the impoliteness, Lady Beatrice..."
"I know.
I didn’t realize until you told me, since I was drunk."
"We’ll watch how things play out."
"Ignore it.
This is Rokkenjima, also known as Akujikishima.
In this storm, the light that spills from the manor can lure out many demons.
And besides, it has only touched the barrier, not shattered it.
Shannon’s shield is not easy to break. I know that the best."
"Thank you.
.....The barrier tonight is something that can only be broken by a member of the Ushiromiya family."
"...Even so, her just touching the shield is unpleasant."
"Don’t be jumpy. Shannon’s barrier is strong.
You can relax and have fun.
If the monster is able to even breach the barrier, I’ll gladly become its opponent.
I won’t let you become its prey.
*cackle*"
"Kanon!
And Shannon!"
"This is a relaxed party.
Can you stop worrying about work for a while?"
"Hey,
he gave you an order."
"Certainly."
"Rudolf-sama, Kyrie-sama.
Where are you going?"
"Oh, I just wanted a small change of pace."
"The winds outside are very strong.
I will prepare an ashtray for you in the guest room so that you may relax."
"Thank you, Genji,
but we tend to be contrarians."
"Normally you yearn for a warm mansion.
So this time around, I longed for a bit of the storm.
Aren’t the eaves of the entrance something?
Once I get a breath of it, I’ll come right back."
"...Witches\' Fragments truly are expedient.
To have the sacrificial lambs just conveniently go out there voluntarily."
"What do you think of such cheapness as a game master?"
"I think that even without breaking the barrier around the mansion, they will still be able to catch their prey."
"Well said.
They can lure their victims out of the mansion."
"Once the victim is out of the mansion, Piece will be lying in wait.
...Or there might be some trick we don’t understand yet."
"I see.
...If Rudolf and Kyrie are attacked by somebody suspicious like you said, we wouldn’t be able to accept that without question."
"Either way, it seems the first victims are my old bastard and Kyrie.
It’s a tasteless way of killing."
"......I’ve gotten used to Bernkastel’s tacky slaughter show."
Ange bent her eyebrows in a pout.
Battler’s calm facade was surely uncomfortable to maintain.
For Beato, this was nothing more than a show, so who exactly was killed didn\'t matter.
........But if the first victims of the scenario were killed for no other purpose but to make Battler uncomfortable,
she would never forgive it.
"Piece.
You’re most likely just a performer, and not the forgery author of this grotesque show....but if this is just a tacky grotesque drama..."
"And if it is?"
"It follows you guys’ preferred style.
....Cut open the belly, and drag out the guts..."
"My method of killing is exceedingly refined, piece.
I believe there has been a misunderstanding, piece.
*giggle*"
"As I thought, the storm has turned the outside air sweet."
"Even if it’s in the middle of a storm, sometimes it’s just easier for a duo to calm down if it’s just the two of them."
"Is that right?
Didn’t you say that to every girl you met at parties?"
"Cut it out, isn’t that stuff past the statue of limitations?
I’ve totally retired from that awful playboy stuff."
"I wonder if those words are the real deal.
Is there a way for me to really believe them...?
Hm, I wonder if it’s due to the storm’s atmospheric pressure.
Somehow, it always makes feel crazy."
"Hey, hey,
can you at least wait until nighttime...?"
"Oh?
But isn’t it nighttime already....?"
Two impish smiles and captivating lips approached each other...
"This evening storm has served me up a couple.
I’ll kill them in a hockey mask first, piece♪"
"W-who are you?"
"....W, Who is it...I wonder....?"
Although they were shaken by the unexpected visitor, they were adults and quickly regained their composure.
However.... calming down only made it harder to understand the chaos around them.
This is the island of Rokkenjima.
Unknown humans should not exist.
If you drifted here with a life jacket like Erika once did, they would recognize that you drifted ashore with a mere glance.
However, this girl didn\'t have an umbrella, and was completely dry.
In addition, she was wearing a strange dress.
...Ah, perhaps she was summoned here for the party....?
"Ah, I see.
Are you perhaps an entertainer for the halloween party today?"
"*laugh* You surprised us.
You’re a cute girl. 
Though that hockey mask almost made me faint..."
"Let’s head into the servant’s quarters.
You can wait there."
"However....that’s a lovely dress.
I wonder if you’re supposed to be some sort of magician?"
"You’re right.
It might be escape magic.
I wonder if you’re supposed to break out of a perfect closed room or something.
The old man likes that sorta thing."
"You should rest your shoulders.
Here, come inside."
"I’m overjoyed.
I cannot enter the barrier unless somebody from the Ushiromiya family invites me, piece."
"Huh?"
"It’s true for me as well.
I don’t want to be left out in the storm.
I think I’ll enter the mansion, piece!"
At that time, a strong wind blew, scattering her hair like a bundle of curtains. 
No, it wasn’t like that.
A strong wind did not blow.
Then what made them think that?
That was because......her hair had been scattered to such a degree that it was only natural that they would think it was due to the strong winds...
But...her hair....there was so much that it almost looked like a curtain.....?
And that curtain was coiled about Kyrie, poised to swallow her...
"Giya
-aaaaa *glub*
this....
......."
At first, it looked like Kyrie was trying to sweep it away.....but that was wrong.
She was drowning.
Kyrie had been swallowed by the sea of Piece’s hair and was drowning...
"..H 
...elp....
......Ru... dolf....!!
"
"H, hey!?
Kyrie!?
Kyrie!?!"
When somebody attacks his wife, generally a husband will strike whoever hurt her.
However, Rudolf’s eyes didn’t see an “attack”.
Rudolf, too, could only understand that his wife was “drowning”.
Because of that, he thrust both of his arms into the sea of hair, and tried to drag her out...
"Kyrie, Kyrie!
My arms can’t stretch any further!
Where, where are you!!"
".....
"K, Kyrie....?"
*crunch*
"Kyrie, where are you!?
Kyrieeeeeeee!!! "
What that eerie sound was reminiscent of... just thinking about it was repulsive.
Rudolf, still frantic, kept shoving his arms into the ocean of hair, but his hands could no longer touch Kyrie.
It was broken, but he heard traces of Kyrie’s voice just now, even though there was no sign of her.
"*giggle*
That was a delicious snack, piece."
As the sea of hair faded away while it danced in the wind, only the smiling figure of the witch of the piece remained.
Rudolf’s brain was still unable to understand the situation.
As a faint smile and tears appeared on his face. He was still trying to believe that this was a bad joke,
and that Kyrie would come out of hiding somewhere to laugh at him....
"..As always.... they love to flaunt revolting things......."
"Hmm... at this level, she can’t help but to perform in Beato’s catbox like this."
"*giggle*
As you’d expect, piece.
You can’t say something at this level is cruel, piece."
"...Wait, Ange.
.....you’re being quick to scold."
"What do you mean?"
"I see... me and her see it from completely different perspectives..... it’s unsightly."
"She swallowed the body whole.... more or less.....?"
"Right. If it was me, I’d thrash them around a bit more in order to break your heart.
However, she ate the remains."
"She killed, then erased the corpse.
....What more could you possibly do to put the dead to shame?"
"If my guess is right....."
"Kyrie........Ky.... rie.........."
"Who is Kyrie.....?"
"Huh?
............ah................................."
"What is it, 
"dear"?"
"A, .....ah?"
"Are you cooling down your butt by squatting here?
*giggle*"
The witch who had just devoured Rudolf’s wife reached out her hand, smiling. 
But Rudolf took her hand and stood up without feeling disgusted...
"W, what...?"
"I see.... how disgusting... and repulsive...."
"I, I don’t understand.
...What happened, Onii-chan...?"
"....I also didn’t think....... this type of cruelty.... existed...."
Ange still didn’t understand.
She still didn’t understand why Battler and Beato were so shocked by this cruelty...
"Hey, hey.
You’re still a 6-year-old, so is this a little difficult for you, piece?"
"In other words..... mom was eaten..... and she took her place......?"
"That’s correct.
.....It’s likely that is her power."
The power to swallow up somebody whole.... and impersonate their existence.
"...Right now, that’s why my old geezer took her hand with such an embarrassed look on his face.
......That witch.....just ate Kyrie.
Even though she still exists, she was swallowed whole...."
"I.... why was I here.....?"
"*giggle*
You heard my voice, Rudolf."
"...I give up.
Was it amnesia...?
No, no, I give up, don’t tell me..."
"Why are you hesitating?
I’m your “wife”.
*giggle* “You” can ask me anything, "dear"♪"
"Ah, really..... sorry.... Hehe, I wonder if I’m getting Alzheimer’s.... I seem to have forgotten the name of my young, beautiful bride...."
"Isn’t it Piece Ushiromiya, piece?
*giggle* How strange, Rudolf...♪"
"That’s right, I forgot.
It’s Piece.
.....I really am sorry, hahahaha...."
"I...is dad... really....?!"
"Perhaps this is limited to just Rudolf.
Right now, that person is Piece Ushiromiya.
....Rudolf’s wife."
"Kyrie’s existence was erased to pure white as if an eraser was taken to her...... like she never existed before..."
"Ange.
This terrible scenario.... is it still unimaginable to you?"
All witches, like Beato, and Bern, and Lambda, had seen every kind of cruelty unfold in the catbox.
In comparison, Ange seeing a victim swallowed up by hair did not seem like such a brutal thing.
"...You’re wrong.
Piece’s way of killing is unimaginably cruel...."
"That’s because she eats not only their lives..... but their dignity as well."
"Dignity.... what do you mean?"
"Ange only seems smart because of the atmosphere.
In reality, she’s a total idiot-type character.
*giggle*"
"...Dignity.
....is only a measure of how many people will weep for you when you pass.
After all, dying while a great number of people hold you dear and dying by the roadside with nobody to remember you are completely different."
"Kyrie at least had human life.
She thought that she was going to go out for a short break with Rudolf and enjoy herself.
If she were to suddenly die of a heart attack, she would expect Rudolf to mourn her with tears in his eyes."
".....Ah......"
"That would explain Kyrie’s attitude.
She died before her husband’s eyes....!
And then her husband forgot about her, and all that time they spent together, and even her existence!"
".....Is there another method of killing that can mock the dead to this degree?
No, there isn’t.
This disgusting method of killing absolutely cannot be matched."
"From the time this country was founded, didn’t it place the highest value on human life?
However, if you look at other countries, life is only the second most important thing."
"..I think...I get it..... something more important than life is dignity.
Dignity is how you exist once you die.
Once you pass, it’s something important you leave it behind for everybody.
But once this girl eats you.... you can’t even leave that behind....."
If you look at world history from anywhere, there are not many recorded acts of destroying one’s dignity after they pass.
However, this is normal within typical standards. Once you pass, criticism of the dead is forbidden.
However, as an exception within exceptions, within the strange Japanese culture, this is not thought of as as a mistake, but as the height of hearsay.
Even after death, there are any number of records of somebody digging up a grave and destroying the body, tombstone, and records in the world. 
Even after the corpse turns to dirt, there are any number of examples of destruction of their existence...
... by erasing their records or accounts of their good deeds or otherwise falsifying them.
As a result of that, myths are often born. 
After death, you can destroy hundreds, or perhaps thousands of years of dignity!
".....The meaning of your existence is to swallow things whole...."
"And on top of that, she takes all those lives she snatched and overwrites them..."
"She killed her.... and then took over her husband’s heart, and overwrote Kyrie’s existence.....!"
The way you kill and how you desecrate the corpse aren’t sufficient to match the bounds of this cruelty. 
"For humans, this method is the best!
It’s the most gruesome, cruel, ruthless way of killing, piece!"
"What is it, Piece?
Are you in bad spirits?"
"*giggle* I love being together with you, piece.
My spirits are already lifting. "
"Now, let’s enter here.
You should relax."
"O, oh.
......Somehow, you seem off tonight.... it’s sexy."
"Oh, my.
That’s the highest form of praise, piece♪"
The barrier rejecting outsiders no longer had any meaning. 
However, she now...... no, not "now".
It had been many years since she had married Rudolf and held a rank in the Ushiromiya family.
The halloween party was an extremely quiet affair.
At a buffet party, you could enjoy the stylish atmosphere, but you would eventually get tired of it.
At the time Rudolf and Piece came back, everybody had taken their chairs and sat them in a circle, and were chatting.
"Welcome back.
Everybody is relaxed in their chairs, so do you want me to get some for you?"
"Sure, can you give us a minute?
And can you get a blanket for Piece?"
"Thank you.
Rudolf, you truly are kind to women, piece."
"Hey, are you not understanding?
There’s only one gal in the world who I’m kind to, and that’s you, Piece."
"*giggle*.
Oh, you......♪
Piece....♪"
While laughing and smiling, Piece fawned on Rudolf and gave him many kisses on the lips.
"Good grief, they’re completely absorbed in each other."
"Battler and friends, are you still talking?"
"Huh?
I’m a young man.
I can chat as much as I want."
It was frustrating, but the piece version of Battler was unable to see through Piece’s magic.
His memory of the word that meant “Kyrie” would be completely replaced with the word “Piece”.
"No..... it can’t be as simple as rewriting somebody’s memory."
"If it just interferes with one or two people’s memories, it’s no different from brainwashing or hypnotism.
.....But this witch’s power is different."
"Ah, this power..... she has to be similar to...."
Featherine Augustus Aurora.
The witch who had sent Piece was a top-ranking witch. 
Her power was that she could look down on the world as if it were a storybook and freely rewrite it.
Piece’s power, to swallow Kyrie and then make Rudolf believe that she was his wife, was not a simple one.
Piece’s power, to swallow anything from the world and replace it with herself... was a power very close to Featherine’s....
"I thought it was stupid, piece, that you were talking about how I was similar to that ill-tempered black cat, or that super-thick paper witch."
"....Even witches of the senate denounce something of that degree...."
"I was created as the messenger to look after the piece that the great theater-going witch Aurora sent.
If the great lady Aurora is a candle that shines upon the great pillar that supports this world, I am a being whose fire is a small Fragment of that candle, piece.
...In accordance with my master’s command, I am to fill the time in this game with antics and buffoonery, piece. "
....You all.
If I were to swallow you as if I sneezed, all memories and traces of you in this world would be erased without a trace.
"From the beginning, I was wondering.
How can I make these guys more scared of me?"
Ah, that’s it.
Since my power is so strong, can they not grasp that fear, piece....?
"Hey, everybody.
....do you remember if it really was three of you that challenged me, piece...?"
...Beato’s forehead..... had a trail of cold sweat flowing down it. 
Battler and Ange... also already knew what the creepy thing Piece was saying.
Battler.
Ange.
And Beato.
....3 people.
Had she really challenged three people...?
Perhaps..... from their memories, and from the world’s memories.... Piece had gulped down a fourth person as a warning...?
When they saw Piece’s eyes, which seemed to freeze the soul with a mere glance.... all 3 were imagining the same thing.
If Piece were to swallow me with her hair, I would be erased.
After that happened, would the remaining 2 people be enraged?
Scared? 
No. 
They wouldn’t show any feelings, and wouldn’t even understand what had happened. 
The two people who were left would think there had only been two people from the beginning, and that only two people had challenged Piece.....
"....Are you threatening us, Lady Piece?"
Beato’s manner of speaking to Piece had clearly changed.
Battler and Ange were still unable to loosen the fists they’d clenched around their laps.
"...If my warm welcome has caused offense to you in any way, let me apologize.
.....We are shallow and unrefined, and aware of our bad manners...."
"Respect is important, piece.
....So long as everybody shows the highest respect to me, I can be quite generous, piece....."
As if they had all agreed upon this beforehand.... Battler, Ange and Beato all flashily crossed their legs.
However, it was the opposite of an elegant gesture, as they were too careless when they crossed them.
Piece wasn’t able to understand what happened in front of her as she forgot to close her mouth...
..Eh?
Right now, those three people..... finally understand my terror, and improved their behavior....?
Huh....?
"I’m tired of acting well-behaved.
So...would you want to make this fun?"
"This is the sort of game where my piece doesn’t know what to feel about my opponent."
"The visitor here was trying her best, so we wanted to entertain her a little.
But.....I’m already at my limit. "
At her limit?
Of what emotion?
Rage?
"It’s hilarious!!
You’re the most interesting visitor in a long while, coming in and trying to kill a witch with laughter!
*cackle*"
".........?!
.........?!?!
......ッ????!!??"
"Do you.... not know why she’s laughing?
.....You thought that if you showed us your power, we’d all cringe in fear and show respect to you, right?"
Bull’s eye.
That was right.
But if that was the case, why was she finding it so funny...!?!
"That’s a terrifying power.
It’s enough to fill us with awe.
But...you’re just so over the top. *laugh*"
"Hey, Great Lady Piece?
What’s so scary about yooooou....?
Right before you face off against your opponent in a boxing match, aren’t you supposed to say something like “I’m going to checkmate you, are you scared?”"
The analogy seemed to hit its mark, and Battler burst out laughing.
"Hahahahaha!
Hey, here fantasy is mystery.
Or mystery is fantasy.
Just like how measuring the distance to your opponent in kendo is a side dish to the swing of the sword,
aren’t crazy games like why lords and ladies who love them meet over...?"
"There is only one thing those of us here are scared of."
"Hypothesis,
inquiry,
flair,
bluff!
When the theory you’ve finally whittled away to a deduction is smashed to smithereens!"
"Certainly, this “power to swallow existence whole” is interesting!
One of our rare visitors went to great pains to create this gift.
I’m sorry that the typhoon got you."
"The sudden change in mood, the fear, your face, was all too overbearing... and then you ask us to behave?"
"If you truly wanted to scare us, you should finish your question first.
And then we’ll decide if we want to be scared or to laugh at you."
"You’re our opponent.
...Aren’t you facing thousand-year old witches who gulp down locked room murders as a side dish to their tea?!"
"At any rate, I’ll give you an example.
.....in boxing, it’s like checkmate! *laugh*"
"*laugh*"
"*cackle*
*cackle* *cackle* *cackle*!!! "
"....*giggle*. *giggle* *giggle* *giggle*"
" *giggle!!!*
"I have indeed been rude, piece. How funny it was that looked down on you old foxes.
I apologize, piece."
Then, we’ll return to the game, piece.
But, everybody? 
If I smash that final deduction you make, will you really look up to me in fear...?
Those words.
....Can you please understand them.....?
......Because then all the guts will be vomited out.
"Then, we’ll fast forward past this burlesque.
We’ll go towards that main dish you all yearn for."
"Are we going past the epitaph murders?"
"No no, not at all.
We’ll go up to that.
After that, I swallow Ange, piece."
"Ange.
Isn’t it getting late?
The chatter is dying down, so do you want to go to your room...?"
"........................"
"What is it, Ange?
Is this too sudden....?"
"...Onii-chan, that person isn’t mom..."
"Huh?
Why’d you say that out of the blue?"
"Oh, my..
Ange, are you tired?
Mom doesn’t get what you’re saying....?"
"Who... are you...."
"Aren’t I your mom, Ushiromiya Piece?
The one who gave birth to you...."
....L, 
"liar!"
*snap*
*thud*.....!!!!
"Hey, Rudolf."
"Hm?
What?"
"Do you want to make a cute younger sister for Battler...?"
"Hey, hey, save that talk for when it’s just the two of us."
"Sister...?"
"Yeah, a sister.
After all, isn’t being an old child tedious...?"
"........................"
"I can’t imagine having a sister.
I don’t have any confidence we’d get along, hahaha."
"If you were my cute daughter, I’d do a cartwheel every day since my liver would still be intact."
"Hahaha, be quiet, you unhealthy dad."
"She was eaten and forgotten.
....Again, I think this is an awful power."
"What’s interesting is, why did her existence erasure fail to work on only Ange?"
"I can’t tell if it’s something we should keep in mind,
....or if it’s just an embellishment of fantasy."
"The goal of this game is just to determine Piece’s identity.
It’s a little different from Beato and Onii-chan’s game."
"That’s true.
...In my game, I asked for the illusion of the witch smashed, and then for another answer of “who am I?”."
"Piece. ...In this game, do you have to smash the illusion of the witch?"
"....................."
"The question you gave us of “who am I” is just one question.
Is there truly only one question to this?
If that’s the case, in the witch illusion you’re showing us, the person called the witch of the piece is the culprit, right....?"
"...If the discussion starts to head in a meaningless direction, both me and my master will be bored.
Since you’ve at least made it to the entrance to the labyrinth, I think it’s fair to give you some guidance.
So, allow me to state this clearly in red."
"#ff0000The purpose of the game is to expose my identity.
It’s not a question of affirming or denying fantasy.#ffffff"
"If that’s the case, getting to the heart of things is simple.
Blue declaration. 
#5decffYou are Piece, Witch of the Piece.#ffffff"
"Of course, that is not true.
I’ll say it in red. 
#ff0000I am a person who has existed from Episode 1 through Episode 8.#ffffff"
"That’s impossible.
Nobody who can swallow existences whole has ever appeared."
"...Maybe they had that power when they appeared, but never showed it?"
"It doesn’t matter if you knew about it or not. 
#ff0000During Episodes 1 through 8, I existed and had that power. 
And now, due to the wishes of my master, I am showing you this power for the first time.#ffffff"
"If that’s the case, I have another question.
So this person is,"
"Wait, Ange.
It seems there is still more to this event.
You’ll still be able to ask questions even after Piece has exposed her hand."
"....Seems so.
Well?
Now that I and mom have been erased....who’s next?"
"Maybe she’ll ask “who am I” after everybody on Rokkenjima is erased?
.....Isn’t that how Beato got her answer?"
"No, that’s not it.
She already said in red that she is a person who exists from Episode 1 through Episode 8."
"Piece, please continue.
And of course, fast forward."
"Of course.
After this, Beato and Kinzo realized that somebody had gotten through their magic and started a battle, piece.
A battle with Kinzo’s powerful summoning magic, Beato’s powerful witchcraft,
Shannon and Kanon’s furniture powers, and Genji\'s battle magic began to unfold.
However, if you wish to fast forward through that, I will do so, piece."
"Huh?
We’re going past my highlight reeeeeel.
What a shaaaame."
"Huh.
Come to think of it, Genji had a strong presence in the fantasy realm, but he never had a battle scene, right?"
"Him and Ronove are two sides of the same coin.
It’s regrettable, but fast-forward."
"Please fast forward smoothly, Piece."
"*giggle*!
Understood, piece!"
As you wish, I will fast forward past the charades and the garbage delusions.
The intruder who transported the Ushiromiya family into the spirit world, Piece.
Although they couldn’t prevent her invasion, Kinzo and Beato were able to detect an uncomfortable feeling.
Beato, Kinzo, Genji, Shannon and Kanon challenged Piece, who introduced herself as the witch of the underworld.
However, while they realized Piece was an uninvited guest from the underworld, they didn’t realize that she had already sacrificed two people.
Ushiromiya Kyrie and Ushiromiya Ange.... the truth was, she had already erased their existence from this world.
When facing a foreign body that tries to unilaterally alter its world, or its Fragment, the only true defense is an antibody reaction.
However.... it was difficult to fully convince them that Piece was an enemy.
The strong barrier would alert them to any visitors outside the Fragment, and it alerted them to her.
...However, as everybody faced off against Piece.... they recognized her as a familiar relative.
Beato immediately saw through the uncomfortable feeling.
She saw through her power and felt it was likely that her opponent had the power to erase existence, books, and Fragments...
"As you’d expect from somebody who just introduced herself as an advising alchemist.
Congratulations for seeing through my power.
However, have you seen any further.....?"
"What is she.... talking about...?"
"Kanon.
.....Right now, there are five of us fighting.
.....Do you really think there were five?"
"Huh?"
"...Perhaps there were six of us."
And following Kanon and Shannon, there had been one more servant with the -on in their name.
Had somebody just been sacrificed as a lesson....?
"Whaaat?
Isn’t this similar to my golden magic?"
"Huhuhhu.
Now that you mention it, yes.
...However, it’s a stingy power that can’t even give me a single gold coin.
Hahahahah!"
"...I see.
So it’s the same as golden magic."
"If we’re denying fantasy, that’s the easiest way to explain it."
"It’s unpleasant.
If six-year-old me got my existence erased from this farce from the beginning, why would Onii-chan be on good terms with my parents?"
"That’s right.
The golden ingots are piling up.
I’m absolutely not going to accept that my sister doesn’t exist."
"Onii-chan...."
"Hey, Piece.
If you want to swallow up this brocon, go for it."
"I’m not going to fall for your boxing checkmate, piece♪"
In the meantime, the number of people Kinzo and Beato led quickly reduced in number. 
Even though they didn’t remember how many people were originally in the group, a distorted, strange battle began to unfold.
The last remaining, Beato, was fighting fiercely in the midst of a strange sense of bewilderment.
Am I the only one fighting this monster?
Am I not fighting alongside anybody else?
If I haven’t been fighting alone since the beginning....has the world been altered?
"You.... monsteeeer........."
"Thank you, piece♪
That’s the highest praise for my master, piece."
*whoosh*!!
*crack*......!!
.....*urk*.....
"....Huh...?"
*urk* 
*urk* 
.........
"This.... it can’t be....."
Piece’s hair, which had gulped down 5 people, suddenly spit something out. 
That thing was a thing that the eyes couldn’t see.
...the swallowed victims’ “existence”.
"I see.
Unlike normal Humans, those versed in magic can’t be as easily swallowed.
*giggle* Even to the very end, you’re shrewd, piece!"
It seemed that she couldn’t entirely erase the fact that Kyrie and Ange existed.
Ange and Kyrie’s names and family names were erased, but it seems those five didn’t lose that...
"Well, it’s fine, piece♪
Now there aren’t any obstacles, piece.
But this seems like it ends the fun halloween party.
Those poor servants.
Now it seems that only Gohda and Kumasawa are the ones tidying up, piece."
A couple servants who I hadn’t seen before materialized and started flapping about.
Since I ate three of the servants, I thought tonight would be difficult for them, but it doesn’t seem to be a problem.
The lively and fun halloween party gradually became a laid-back and relaxed one as the night wore on.
Everybody was smiling, and nobody was sad.
It was a night full of happiness...
"I went through the effort to make that fun and cheesy magic battle, piece.
But since you didn’t like it, I had to cut it short.
Hihihi, isn\'t that unfortunate, piece?"
"I don’t mind.
If you spend too long explaining the food, it has no meaning."
"You’re quick to set the table.
Isn’t having food fresh out of the oven in a restaurant one of its core principles?"
"However, if you don’t have a full set of silverware, it’s impolite to stick your hands in and eat."
"That’s right.
I have no plans to tell you to eat with your bare hands.
Please, use your red fork and blue spoon to your heart’s content, piece♪"
"First you want an answer from us.
That is to say, the witch’s identity. I want to make something a little clearer regarding that."
"That is,
#5decffdo you exist as one person from Episode 1 to Episode 8?#ffffff
Let me clarify.
Is that person a person all three of us all can recognize?"
"Recognize?"
"For example, 
In episode 8, the expression “Lambdadelta’s many terrifying monster friends” was said. 
Supposing that one of those monsters was the right answer, even though they appeared in this Fragment, we wouldn’t know its name or who it was.
Therefore, it would be impossible for us to give you the correct answer."
"Ahh, I understand.
Let me say this in red, piece.
#ff0000You three definitely know my name. 
In other words, my existence and name is one that exists within all of your memories.#ffffff"
"Memory?
In other words, we’ve met them?"
"I cannot answer that question.
That would greatly reduce the number of possible answers, which would dampen the excitement, piece."
"*cackle*
That’s not surprising.
We’re three people, with varying life circumstances, who have met and haven’t met different people.
If she answers that, the scope of possible answers would be quite restricted."
"However... inside this catbox are Humans, and witches, and furniture, and weapons, and so forth...
how many names have even appeared in the script.....?"
"Just by assuring us that it’s possible to answer correctly, the difficulty level has dropped..."
"However, there are three of us.
Witch and Human.
Inside and outside the catbox.
We all have differing situations."
"Even so, I can crush all three of you in one blow.
My master has so much confidence that they told me to fight all three of you at once, piece."
"That’s right. I didn’t mention one of the game’s conditions."
"Then come.
After all, this is a decent story."
"Give us the condition, then.
There are three of us, and only one of you.
If there isn’t a handicap for us, it won’t be interesting."
"It’s not anything significant.
When everybody arrives at their final theory, I want you to agree upon it and announce it together, piece.
Whatever you choose as your answer, if one of you doesn’t agree, it won’t be submitted, piece."
"......To confirm, is there a limit on the number of times we can declare an answer?"
"Hmm.
If we were to recite every name that we knew from A to Z, wouldn’t we eventually hit the correct one?
If we don’t have a limit on the number of answers we can declare, it’s not really a game."
"Idiot.
Why are you proposing a rule that will only strangle your neck?"
"It would still be our win.
The three of us would arrive at the same theory, and trounce her in a single blow."
"So this time around, it’s not shotgun deductions, but more like a sniping rifle?"
"Of course, you can make countless checks in blue.
But then, after you’ve found the outline, you take it out with one shot...!"
"My master didn’t order me to put a restriction on the number of times.
....But if you are interested and show me a heated logic battle, I would be glad to accept your request."
"....Good grief.
...Thanks to that, trying to find the right name will no longer be a trivial fight."
"Then, let’s begin.
Let’s take everybody’s views into consideration."
"With that, let\'s start, piece!"
Battler crossed his arms and looked up at the night sky...
Like I did in the game with Beato, will I step into the position of denying fantasy?
Or will I decide everything is magic, so my brain won’t ache?
First...Ange and Kyrie were eaten, and their existences were erased.
In doing this, it meant that from the beginning of this world, they didn’t exist.
Both the piece version of me and my old geezer believed that I had no younger sister.
To think about it in simple terms, ....this is like Beato’s cherished golden magic.
Namely, that money is paid in order to create a false narrative.
If you had vast sums of money, you could get people to say that Ange and Kyrie were not in the family...
However, both my and my geezer believe in the idea of ‘ladies first’, and we’re natural contrarians.
Whether it’s by bribery or a threat, I wonder if we’d submit to the request to behave as if Ange and Kyrie didn’t exist.....
...No.
It’s possible they could be hostages.
So Ange and Kyrie could have been taken hostage....and then we would be ordered to act as if they didn’t exist....?
"Piece. ...Just to clarify, what is the motive behind this strange event?"
"Hoh, as you’d expect from Battler.
I also would like to know."
"Me too.
If some ridiculous whim caused this event, it’ll break the immersion of this Fragment, and reasoning will be totally pointless."
".....So you’re saying not to make light of the human heart?"
"The whodunnit, the howdunnit, and the whydunnit.
As one of those three blades approaches the mystery of the witch, it also determines the standing of the witch."
"Hm.
The whydunnit is particularly important.
That is what I think is the most important answer for mysteries."
"There is no reason to distrust the standing of the Fragment my master created.
So I will state it in red.
#ff0000There is motive and heart behind this incident.#ffffff"
"Heart?"
"I hope you know...that it’s a motive that both yourselves and any Human can understand."
"In other words, it’s not a kind of paranoid, self-righteous motive that only the culprit can understand?"
"It\'s not some unexpected reason that only the culprit would find important where they say DIE while striking them with a coat hanger
because they couldn\'t see Mt. Fuji, but a third person would go \'you would take a person\'s life for that?\', right?"
"Onii-chan, you should apologize.
If possible, rub your forehead against the ground."
"Sorry.
*scratch* *scratch*...."
...I think we just got a nice big hint.
By looking at the motive, that can be very useful in approaching the truth.
Then, let’s confirm once more.
"...Many people were sacrificed.
Does the culprit hold a motive to kill all of them?"
"Of course, piece."
"For Kyrie and Ange, it was clear you made a conscious decision to kill them.
But what about Grandpa, Beato, Shannon, Kanon and Genji?
Were you just putting out sparks, or was there an obvious motive?"
"...It was."
Huh?
...That was an honest and unexpected answer.
Her target was just Kyrie and Ange.
Everybody else was just her putting out the sparks.
If that’s the case, I can follow the lines of the family tree.
...For example, the person who bears the biggest grudge against Kyrie and Ange would be Kyrie’s younger sister.
Kasumi Sumadera.
We’ve already seen the depths of her grudge and madness in an earlier Fragment.
I’m not convinced it’s her, but she has an understandable motive.
However, if Kasumi was the culprit, she would only have the grudge against Kyrie, and she shouldn’t resent the other members of the family.
Going by the illusion of the witch, the murders of the other members were just her sweeping away sparks.....but that’s different.
If Kasumi is the culprit, grandpa would just barely be her target.
It doesn’t seem like she expressly targeted Beato, Shannon, Kanon, or Genji...!
".....I think...I’ve found a trail to follow..."
"I wish to be clear, so let me declare it in red, piece."
#ff0000I have reason to make Beato, Kyrie, Ange, Kinzo, Kanon, Shannon and Genji disappear.#ffffff
"Why?!"
"...She doesn’t have to answer that."
"No, I’ll answer.
In red truth."
"Huh?"
By nature of this witch’s game, you didn’t give out unnecessary hints that could draw your opponent closer to yourself, much less state your motive in red.
But Piece was doing that.
At that moment, she wasn’t like the amusing witch they’d seen up until now....her eyes gave off a weird feeling, like the eyes of a doll....
"#ff0000In order for me to come onto this gameboard, they were pieces that should not exist.
For several of the victims, I originally was going to allow them to live.
However, because of their circumstances, I couldn’t allow them to stay on the game board.
Therefore, they were removed.
Don’t misunderstand.
Their removal does not neglect the heart.
...However, for those I truly wanted to kill,
I ignored the heart and showed them no mercy or pity as I removed them from the gameboard.#ffffff"
...That calm intensity made everybody gulp.
Right now, she was not gripped by strong emotions, and she was not the witch of the gameboard.....
She was speaking from the heart of the culprit. ...A confession.
"...The ones who you really wanted to kill...who on earth were they?!"
"...................................."
I really thought that Kyrie was the main target, and killing everybody else was unavoidable.
But with this...I don’t get it at all.
For example, grandpa could be her main target.
In order to get a chance to kill him, she could’ve killed Kyrie and then impersonated her to get into the family conference.
Or, if we accept the illusion of the witch as truth, Beato was the main target, and the process of killing her created some sort of trick,
and everybody else were just victims caught in the crossfire...
In particular, if you look at how people were killed, the way they were killed in the illusion’s story is similar to the way the victims appear.....
For example, it would be similar to Beato’s epitaph murders....
No, no, in the first place, as far as the choice of victims goes, having a phony target and a real target would make the howdunnit unnecessary.
But in that case, she said #ff0000“they were all pieces that couldn’t exist”,#ffffff so it’s in conflict with what she said earlier.
"...For the howdunnit, doesn’t it seem like she’s suspended a spider’s thread and has now entangled it with our thought...?"
"I think we’ve figured something important out......but at this point there’s no use in being captives of our own thoughts."
"...Ah....That’s true...."
"*giggle* piece♪"
"As she was looking down and laughing at us. .....I kept being reminded of somebody."
"Who?"
"I don’t have any line of motivation for her. ...But I’ve been trying to think of what this witch’s aura brings to mind."
"Whooo aaam I...?
*giggle*..."
"That haughtiness and laugh with her intellectual overbearance. .....It’s just like my comrade."
"Hmm....that person?"
"This is unexpected, comrade Ange.
As a witch of truth, it is only natural that I have both grace and wits. .....So? How is this tacky witch of pieces similar to me?"
"I don’t think you’re the same.
What do you think of this?"
"Show me, comrade Ange.
That truth that you have spun!"
"It can’t be, she showed up...."
"Isn’t your sister a witch that can revive the dead?
If Ange wishes it, life and death don’t matter."
"...But she doesn’t call herself a witch that can revive the dead."
"Others don’t understand it, but that means they don’t have reason to deny it.
That’s the power of the Witch of Ressurection."
"To summarize, Ange’s brain can call up virtual personalities at will, like parallel thought processing.
It’s a handy sort of magic, piece."
"Erika was the only uninvited guest to drift ashore onto Rokkenjima.
There was nobody else irregular who showed up at the halloween party."
"I’m the great detective, loved by those who deny the Ushiromiya Family culprit theory."
"It’s not fixed what kind of person Erika originally was.
All we know is that she fell off a cruise ship."
"However!
When I appeared on the witch’s game board, I had one trait."
An intellectual rapist.
It was a disgusting nickname.
That was, an intellectual supremacist who looked down on others, and who got the greatest joy from intellectually violating people.
"After she drifted ashore, they welcomed her as an overnight guest.
...She acted superior and irritated them, so it’s possible that the Ushiromiya family all conspired together to create a fake murder case."
"*giggle* No matter what trick you use, my “perfect autopsy” means you can’t wriggle out of being in the suspect list by playing dead."
"What do you think of this scenario?
During the halloween party, Erika drifted ashore and was welcomed as a guest."
During the party, the family was very excited from all the puzzles and quizzes.
"The self-proclaimed detective arrived there, couldn’t read the room, and kept answering and answering, dumbfounding the adults."
"Then, the adults who wanted to clear away their humiliation from being beaten by me planned a clumsy farce."
For example, ....me and mom suddenly “disappearing”.
The next morning, dad and onii-chan would ask Erika about it, and Kyrie would jump out as a prank in order to startle and tease her.
"If you look at all the past Fragments, the Ushiromiya family is quite good at “acting”, and enjoys it."
"She was surprised by their “acting”. Or perhaps, the servants would continue to play dead and then they’d “act” out the serial murder case?"
This crazy story had appeared in one of the past game records.
With that, regardless of whether or not they understood the motive, even if it was presently one-sided, Ange’s reasoning couldn’t be blocked.
"However, that answer requires three people to agree to do it.
So, I’m going to hit you with the one-sided truth that me and Erika came to."
"*giggle* *giggle* just by imagining that lovely face distorting already has me reaching a climax.....!!"
"*giggle* *giggle* I see, we really are the same archetype, piece♪
If there are two similar pieces on the board, it really is a nuisance, piece."
"Oh, I see that we only resemble each other in atmosphere.
Is it a hindrance that our brain capacities are so different?"
"*giggle*......*giggle*
*giggle*!!"
"*giggle*......!!!"
~ib~ "Piece!! ""<Good>!!"~ib~
"Blue declaration!
#5decffThe culprit is Furudo Erika!
This sequence of events was all to trick Erika, or was a farce to mock her!
Everybody suddenly acting like we didn’t exist was all arranged beforehand!#ffffff"
That will explain what you just said with red truth!
“#ff0000For several of the victims, I originally was going to allow them to live.
However, because of their circumstances, I couldn’t allow them to stay on the game board.
Therefore, they were removed.#ffffff”
This is the meaning of Erika’s “perfect autopsy!”
For this woman who calls herself an intellectual rapist, somebody who is an intellectual inferior challenging her with a mystery is akin to blasphemy!
She would fly into a rage, and by way of that perfect autopsy, would change the fate of this silly play!!
"Check! "
"And mate!!
Everything can be explained by the motive of Erika having her pride as an intellectual rapist hurt!"
"For your red truth of 
#ff0000 “however, for those I truly wanted to kill, I ignored the heart and showed them no mercy or pity”,#ffffff
you presented a grave sin of trying to fool the great detective with a farce! You tried it on a great detective!
According to the book, that’s the same as blasphemy towards god! So, naturally, they would be divinely punished! How about that!?"
"For Erika, as well as Ushiromiya Ange,"
"This degree of logic is possible!!!"
As Erika and Ange stood back-to-back and attacked Piece, they pointed their index fingers at her.
Even though two people were pointing at Piece...she didn’t lose her calm smile...
Ange and the other witch of truth showed off a wink with their signature pose as a faintly glowing swarm of butterflies danced about them...
"Piece....♪
I truly am grateful for your piece heartfelt logic, piece♪"
"However, as I already said, I need all three of you to agree for me to accept it, piece."
"At any rate, you only have one chance.
The great lady Beatrice levied that rule on you herself."
"...You’ve given us a stupid rule.
But, it’s not much of a problem.
You two just need to agree to this story."
"..........................."
"...Ange.
Are you really making an Erika culprit theory?"
"Is there anything else I can do!?"
"If the culprit was limited to humans, your theory would be good. ....But isn’t making a resident of the witch’s illusion the culprit an illegal move?!"
"Lambda has her monster friends, Featherine has her black cats following her, and Bernkastel has Lambdadelta.
Isn’t this a free-for-all!?"
"Yes, this is a free-for-all!
For this reason, if we focus on what’s possible, we’ll be able to uncover the truth!"
"W, what do you mean.....?!"
"When there are multiple people involved, it’s impossible to tell just who the culprit is.
And Piece’s first red truth clearly stated
#ff0000I am a person who has existed from Episode 1 through Episode 8.#ffffff"
"In other words, in order to expose Piece’s identity, your howdunnit and whodunnit aren’t enough to pinpoint a single specific culprit ...!!"
"Just now, you and Onii-chan said you were trapped and confused by Piece as you were searching for the howdunnit!
So I looked for the who and why, since I thought that was the highest chance of figuring out her name.....!"
"That’s no good...!
The probability is high, but there’s no reasoning behind it!
You’ll never be able to figure her out like that!
It’s only when you’ve honed your reasoning that you can start....!"
"............Ugh..........................."
Ange had also thought about it, but her weak point was that her head would get clouded with emotion if her older brother was involved.
So when the reasoning she built up was denied by two people, it took some time to regain her composure.
".....We’ve given up on the who, why and how.
How are we supposed to reason now?"
"Then, it’s my turn.
I’m not a detective.
I’m a witch.
And witches don’t reason."
"Me and Ange have been challenging the puzzle under the assumption that it’s a human culprit.
But now, Beato can flip that premise over and attack from there."
"It’s like what Kyrie said.
I’ll turn the chessboard over on her...!
However, I’m not going to imagine the culprit’s point of view. ...I’m going to turn over the assumption that the culprit is a human."
"W, what do you mean....?"
"Will this be a little different from Lady Beatrice’s past games? *giggle*..."
"Isn’t pulling in a resident of the witch illusion a free-for-all!?
If you accept the fact that she swallowed Humans’ existence as truth, we won’t know who did it!
This isn’t funny!
Wasn’t it you who said that if you do that, the truth will never be uncovered!?!"
"On the contrary!
For the who and how, ‘anything goes’ does not apply!
But the ‘why’ is different!"
"Ah. It was possible for Featherine or Bernkastel to commit the crime.
But they wouldn’t have motive to commit such a twisted scenario."
"Don’t those witches enjoy killing on a whim!?
Asking for a motive for them is foolish!
Just thinking about it is futile!"
"Now that you know all of what happened in the catbox, can you say that in front of Beato......?"
"....That.....urk.."
In Battler’s eyes, this was no joke or laughing matter, and Ange realized she had misspoke...
"It’s a witches’ game. ....Anything goes. It’s ridiculous to think about, since it’s abnormal, crazy and strange...!!
But in it, you can’t neglect it...the heart....!!!!"
The witches are ridiculous ...they have absurd powers they can use as they please....but they only have one.....just like a baby or an animal......it’s bugging me.
"They don’t convey the heart.
In simple terms, they’re contrarians who aren’t upfront!
Even though they want somebody to reach their human heart, they can’t help but avoid humans, but then, they don’t speak frankly about it!
You lot are helpless, foolish, pitiable idiots!!"
This is why...you can’t treat the witches’ game carelessly!
"You’re a stupid, lonely fool, but you’re still doing your best to frantically write out this Fragment....
so I definitely won’t say that just thinking about this is futile!!!"
"..........................."
"...*cackle*...I can’t match the man who treated the millennia-old witch’s message bottle like the first love letter an elementary schooler wrote."
"...Battler."
I don’t know if your words are spoken from the mouth of a Human...or from the mouth of the lord of the Golden Land and husband of the Golden Witch.
"When I got my master’s order, ....when I came here, I couldn’t help but think this was annoying.
I wouldn’t gain anything by coming here.
Rather, I thought that it would just make me hate myself."
However...this was worth doing.
"From your mouth. Just by listening to those words. .....Just with those, it was worth coming here today on a witch’s errand....."
"...Beato.
And Piece. ....And furthermore, the uncountable number of witches I haven’t met.
I’m sorry."
"In addition, you’d already declared it in red.
#ff0000“This event clearly has motive and heart.”#ffffff
I’m embarrassed I lost my self-control and got sulky."
"Don’t worry about it.
I’d expect something refreshing like that from Battler’s sister."
"But didn’t the way I approached the howdunnit set you back?"
"You’re right, but at least you limited the suspects to just Humans."
"Anything goes, but......can you seriously......read a witch’s heart.....from the howdunnit....?"
"You can.
If the witch truly lacked a human heart.....she wouldn’t have the form of a human!"
Even if they completely become witches, they still want to get close to others, so they take the forms of humans.
If they earnestly look down on humans, and lose interest in them....they think that the form of a human is stupid, and they stop adopting it.
And the form they then take is scraps of seaweed.
They sink, flutter and fall in the sea of Fragments, eventually becoming a flake of snow piled up in the depths of oblivion.
"The one who doesn’t neglect the heart.....is the Wizard-Hunting Wright."
He is undeniably...a witch killer. 
My omnipotent master still hasn’t forgotten that human....Ushiromiya Battler.....
That’s right. ....all the ghosts of witches want to be defeated like that, with a eulogy, so they gather.
...Like Rokkenjima’s Beatrice.
"....Honestly, it’s unfortunate, piece."
"Unfortunate...?"
"Honestly.....this sourpuss hogging such a cute kid like you as her husband.....is a grave sin to the witches of the senate."
"Realllly?
What idiiiiots."
"...For somebody of low rank like me, it’s crushing........Battler isn’t suitable for you."
"Interesting.
Are you going to try anything, you old hag?"
"The two of you love freewheeling logic. ...But I won’t give you that leeway."
She didn’t know if she was being irritated by Piece’s mood, or by her wrath.
But while Piece and Beato were doing that, it surely felt as if invisible sparks were calmly floating about...
"....What’s driving those two?"
"It’s fine. ...you’ve crossed a great distance over the sea of nothing to come here, so it’s only fair that I give you a warm welcome."
Now, Beatrice. .....Rip open my golden brains!
This woman, this witch of the piece, rip her open.
That’s right, what Battler said is correct.
Witches are lonely, and because of that habit, they’re clumsy, stupid idiots who can’t communicate that.
In a single word, I’m lonely.
So please, pay attention and finish this with a single word.
Read this tedious tale, whose cruel contents are crammed into a thousand bottles and cast into the sea, that would take a thousand years to tell.
Anybody who would want to read it is an idiot who would wait on the beach for a thousand years a thousand times over...!!
I’m going to tear you open.....!
And then, I’ll accept your message....!!
...Why did Kyrie, Ange, Beato, Kinzo, Shannon, Kanon and Genji have to disappear?
She said
#ff0000In order for me to arrive on this game board, they were all pieces that had to not exist.#ffffff
What does that mean!?!
If we deny fantasy, I’d interpret it as an unshakeable intent to kill them.
But since this is a witches’ game, shouldn’t there be another way to interpret it...!?
For example, “we” cannot appear in front of those who possess the anti-magic toxin.
"......However, that rule shouldn’t apply to pieces who appear other than you guys."
"Are they not able to exist at the same time as them....?
Could it be something like that.....?!"
"“In order for me to come to this game board”, she couldn’t allow those pieces to exist..."
"Beato! You shouldn’t get caught in such stiff logic....!
Aren’t you the golden witch who managed to solve that old geezer’s shitty riddle!? "
At any rate....Kinzo’s epitaph didn’t require witty reasoning.
It was just childish, self-important wordplay....!!!!
You needed flexible thinking.
You didn’t need precise mathematics.
You needed to attack with whatever delusional inspiration you got from word association...!
"Well, well.
Are you calling my mystery mere wordplaaay?"
"This is an important matter.
And since it seems you don’t understand, I’ll state it clearly in red truth."
"#ff0000Aren’t riddles my specialty?
I’m even better at them than you are. #ffffff"
"....Hoho.....she’s........specifically stating it in red......"
"#ff0000So you were completely immersed in solving riddles,
since around the time you met Battler?
Isn\'t ten or so years such a small stretch of time?
Unlike you, I’m not a little girl.
Ever since before you were born, I had always loved riddles, and was very good at them.
...It’s regrettable that I wasn’t able to challenge the riddle of the epitaph."
"If I had challenged the riddle of the epitaph together with you, we surely could’ve solved the childish wordplay that grandpa frantically dreamt up.
...But.
......This time, I tried to challenge the riddle of the epitaph for the first time, as the witch of the piece.
It was easy!#ffffff"
"W,.....what....!?!!?!?!?"
The riddle of the epitaph revived Beato as the golden witch.
The odds of arriving at the correct answer were astronomically low, so solving it was like a miracle.
Solving it revived the witch, and caused great number of mistakes due to sorrow to begin pressing at her back,
which drastically changed the fate of the Ushiromiya family on Rokkenjima.....
and she called such a cataclysmic riddle child’s play, as if she found it easy to answer.....!?!
"Right. What you call the revival of the Golden Witch — rising up after six years from nothing...
...and lowering your human self to furniture whose body was incapable of love...
All that was the trigger for the tragedy.
But right now, I am tangled up in regret and grief that is as fierce as the epitaph’s wordplay!"
"If you had challenged it together with me, we could’ve solved it sooner.....
with my hands and your enthusiasm, we surely would have grasped the key!
However, the fact that I wasn’t able to do that was my greatest sin!
Because of that, you were born, Battler was shut up in the cat box, and Ange was left all alone in the future...!"
"This is all my responsibility!
I gave birth to you!
I should’ve given birth earlier! Then, I’m sure....everybody
...
...
would’ve been much happier!!"
".......Who...the hell.....are you..."
S, she gave birth to me....? ......It can’t be, the......mom I’d only seen in the portrait..?
No, it can\'t be that.
It’s impossible.
Because I’m positive my mother escaped from Kuwadorian with Rosa, then fell off a cliff to her death.
That happened right after giving birth to me.
Moreover, right after I was born, I was left in Natsuhi’s care.
Even if she is the former Beatrice, my true birth parent, the riddle of the epitaph came too late after that part of her fate.
If Piece really was my predecessor, she would’ve said she raised me, or that we spent time together in Kuwadorian.
For that reason, I don’t feel comfortable with the logic that she is my birth parent.
"...But that line of thinking probably isn’t too off base..."
"Ah....She’s at a place she can look down on me.
But she isn’t looking down at me in arrogance.
It’s from a place similar to trying to guide a young child....it’s implausible, but
it’s like she’s doing it out of parental love!"
"......I, I don’t understand.
Is that really true for her?
It wasn’t really what I had in mind...."
"#ff0000Ange.
.....Of course you wouldn’t know.
.....Because.
Even though you know my name, we have never met even once.
Furthermore, I will say this.
Until I became the witch of the piece, I did not know your name, or even that you existed.#ffffff"
"T, then I’d like to know the opposite as well!
Did you meet onii-chan, or Beato?!"
"I’ll answer!!
Did I meet those two Humans?
I didn’t just meet them!
I listened to their hobbies.
I listened to them talk about fashion.
I listened to them talk about what they liked.
About the weather, or the weirdly shaped shells they found on the beach.
We really had so many meaningless conversations!
I was always willing to talk for hours if I could see their smiling faces...!!!"
"...................................."
....W...what is this witch....talking about....
I can’t tell if she’s giving us another mystery or the solution.....
Do you really not know who I am....?
Hurry up.....isn’t what I’m doing right now the verbal equivalent as kicking and screaming?!
I understood up to that....but then, why do I not remember who she is...!!
Cowardice and regret couldn’t stop my tears....dammit,
dammit dammit dammit
you bruuuuuute!!!
"I, I’m the only one she didn’t meet, and then she didn’t even know I existed....."
"She’s undoubtedly related to the Ushiromiya family...!
And yet, she didn’t even know Ange existed....?"
"At that time, I was definitely sick enough to not be able to attend the family conference. ....But regardless of that, I wasn’t an illegitimate child.
All the members of the Ushiromiya family should\'ve known that Ushiromiya Ange existed!"
".............................."
".......................................
!!!"
Battler’s eyes......were wide open.......
Within his heart....he then was certain he had found the core of the witch of pieces’ true form.
There was no basis for it.
And it didn’t have evidence, either.
Nor was there a puzzle piece for guessing the culprit’s identity.
But even so, he was sure of his answer.
...Even though the reasoning for it wasn’t established, he was sure that the answer was not steeped in the mystery genre.
Therefore.
This was fantasy. ....Otherwise....she couldn’t be here........!
"......Y, ......you’re................."
Beato had also noticed that Battler seemed to have seen through the identity of the witch.
But compared to Battler.....she was far away from the answer.
Therefore, she needed a piece of reasoning.
"Why did people need to vanish in order for her to appear on this stage...!?"
"It wasn’t just Beato and her friends. ....we......can’t exist at the same time as her....."
"I, I don’t understand.
Was there somebody else who had created furniture like Beato had!?"
"No, that’s not it!
It wasn’t a single person she couldn’t meet!
There were two members of the Ushiromiya family that she couldn’t exist alongside......!"
"W, who...?!
I don’t understand her.
I really don’t understand...!!"
As tears fell from Ange’s face into her teacup, she scratched her head in anger over her own weakness....but she still didn’t stop thinking.
I don’t remember her!!
I want to remember!
I need to remember!
I want to receive it!!
As the last survivor of the Ushiromiya family.....as the witch of the future......isn’t that my one responsibility?!
"Ange. .....I called you to this place because I wanted to be cruel to you. ......I am a piece whose existence is incompatible with yours."
But.....I met you, and I understand now.
You’re trying to live a straightforward life, even if you’re awkward and simpleminded.....all that was inherited from your brother.
"...If we had met, we surely would’ve gotten along. ...That is what I believe.
.....Even so, I would like to give thanks from the bottom of my heart that the two of us were able to meet today by some miracle."
".....It can’t be......she’s.........she\'s............,"
"Ah....!! That’s it....this girl is.....she\'s.........,"
"Ange. My wickedness tried to get revenge not only on Kyrie, but on you, too.
For a feud between two women, the right thing to do is to only drag those two involved into the coffin.
But then, even though I’d never met you, since you were her daughter, I wounded your heart in order to console my own,
and that trivial reason was why I called you here....as a parent....I am ashamed of myself...!!"
"I never  met you.....I’d only seen you in pictures...... but I know,  who you are....! I know, I know...!!! "
That’s right.....just by seeing you smiling in a picture.....I hated you....
In that family photo without me....Dad and onii-chan.....were smiling at a “family” that I didn’t know......
I detested it....I wasn’t alive then, but I was still jealous...!!!
That’s right.
We couldn’t meet due to the wheels of time.....and even if we did meet, we wouldn’t have been able to stay together.
You and I sit on opposite sides of the seesaw, with dad as the fulcrum; we cannot exist at the same time as family members!!
"Your.....your name is.....!!!"
Ushiromiya.....
Asumu......
Dad’s late wife.....who passed away before I was born....!!
".......Ange. ....That still is only a small part of the answer. ...Because, you still need to deny the terrible Fragment I brought with me."
"....Huh.....?"
Once Ange, Beato and Battler arrived at a unanimous answer, they would give it to her.
And yet.....why did Piece....no, Asumu......want to hear it from Ange’s mouth.....?
"Well then, start the autopsy. ....cats certainly love to kill things twice."
This scenario of Ushiromiya Asumu not dying and continuing to hold her rank as a member of the Ushiromiya family.....was pure fantasy.
It was a fairytale.
So long as Asumu was Rudolf’s wife, she was a legitimate member of the family and thus invited to the family conference.
Naturally, the family would not recognize Rudolf marrying a second wife.
So, only his legal wife, Asumu, would have been invited.
So.....the fact that Asumu existed in this Fragment automatically meant that Ushiromiya Kyrie could not exist in it.
Kyrie herself would exist, but not as an Ushiromiya.
She would be Sumadera Kyrie.
Therefore, Ushiromiya Kyrie, and her existence, would vanish.
The same could be said for Ange.
....The reason Battler left the family was Ange’s birth date.
If you counted backwards from the final month of pregnancy......it was evidence that Kyrie and Rudolf had an affair while Asumu was still living.
If Asumu was still alive and well, Ushiromiya Ange would not exist.
Although she would be recognized, Kinzo would not permit Ange to enter the Ushiromiya family register.
Therefore, Ange would be an illegitimate child.
Ushiromiya Ange’s existence would vanish, and as a substitute, Sumadera Ange would be born.
".....I understand up to here. .....But why would you say that this Fragment is something that will hurt me....?"
"Because I lived, encountered the puzzle of the epitaph, became the golden witch before Beato,
solved the epitaph and learned an important hint, this scenario is pure fantasy."
"The human called Ushiromiya Asumu....really is the polar opposite of Kyrie."
".....Ah. While my mom is fickle....she’s also an incredible human being."
Kyrie and her polar opposite.
Kyrie thought with logic, but Asumu thought entirely with inspiration.
So a problem with numbers involved was Kyrie’s strong suit, ....but Asumu was good at solving puzzles that were unsolvable with logic.
The riddle of the epitaph was exactly that sort of puzzle.
While Kyrie would approach it from a place of logic and reason, that was not a substitute for the answer.
"If I lived, and your grandfather installed the portrait of the witch, and the riddle of the epitaph, I would have solved it.
And not only that, I would’ve known who your grandfather had wanted to solve the epitaph’s riddle.
So I would have had Beato solve the epitaph right away.....this is that sort of fantasy."
"As for that....when he sees my resurrection, Kinzo dies in front of me.
So at that point in time, Kinzo would have already been dead."
"....Wait.
Krauss and his conspirators kept the circumstances of Kinzo’s death a secret.
So even though he was actually dead, they would behave as if he was actually alive..."
"...Mom. ...As I thought, this world is a little too convenient."
"Isn’t that how fantasy and fairy tales are...?"
"Ange.
They only needed to hide Kinzo’s death was when Krauss had financial problems."
".....In that world....I would live not in despair, but in a far-off, calmer everyday life. .....Therefore, after I found the gold, everything would change...."
The trigger that tore up Battler and Shannon’s relationship was Asumu’s death.
However, in this fantasy where Asumu did not die, the two of them could continue their friendship.
The seed of unrequited love placed in Shannon’s chest, whose root tormented her with pain during several years of hell, was never planted.
.....After that, as Asumu herself said, it was all a fairy tale.....
Those two grew up healthy.
And then, suddenly, the riddle of the epitaph appeared in the mansion.
Asumu’s intuition told her....that Kinzo wanted Shannon to perform some sort of miracle.
Although he was quiet, Genji was poor at keeping secrets, and with just a couple questions....
Asumu had discerned that this was settling some sort of animosity with his illegitimate child.
Nanjo had told Kinzo that his years remaining were short, and that he should settle his regrets, and tell the truth to the girl who didn’t even know her own birth.
He hoped for a miracle and left it to time to decide, even though the chance of failure was high.
Asumu, who was good at puzzles, similar encouraged the mystery-loving Battler and Shannon to attempt and solve the riddle of the epitaph.
She watched and guided them so that they could arrive at the right answer.
At the beginning of the year in which the epitaph first appeared, the 20 billion yen of gold had been found by a young boy and girl....
"...Ange. I will say it in place of her, over and over again. .....This is her fairy tale."
"..........................."
At first....Ange was confused as to why Beato and Piece kept apologetically repeating that this was fantasy over and over again.
But, little by little....she began to understand that uncomfortable feeling.....
"And then.
The girl took a share for herself — one large enough for a more than merely comfortable life — then gave the rest to the Ushiromiya family relatives.
Therefore, all of the relatives had enough to settle their financial problems.
Concealing Kinzo’s death was unnecessary.
There was no reason to quarrel....leaving just a happy island."
"So the reason Beato disappeared....was that she left the island."
"That’s right. Because I did not have the roots of the seed of love within me, I wasn’t tormented by it,
nothing tied me to the island, and it wasn’t necessary to act the part of the golden witch."
"Genji disappeared because ...the master he had served died, and Beato left the island."
"Since he no longer felt any personal obligation towards me and Kinzo, he decided to leave the island and live the rest of his life quietly.
With Kinzo’s death and my decision to leave the island, Genji no longer had anything tying him to Rokkenjima.
Therefore......their forms would have vanished from the 1986 Halloween party."
"...That is to say....in this game.....within the exact moment of the 1986 Halloween party, depending on if Asumu is alive or not,
there are two errors in the Fragment that could direct the witch of pieces to devour her opponent’s existances.....it’s like a game of spot-the-difference....."
"That’s correct. ...One side of the coin is shut up in the tragedy of the catbox.
The other, with the exception of you and Kyrie, lives in a world of happiness.
...Beato’s dream was granted.
....Battler’s dream of living with his relatives and going to the same school materialized.
He wouldn’t be hurt by his mother’s death and his father’s remarriage....he would also gladly accept that miracle."
".....I see. If that’s true, then the three of us will agree on an answer and expose your identity.
Even so.....I’ll deny that answer. .....right?"
".....Yes.
I hurt you.
Even if all of you arrive at an answer, if only you deny it, your side cannot win.
That sort of game...was meant to bully you."
"I don’t get it....Why would you do this.....?!
I can’t believe ...my mother would.....!"
"If you don’t want to believe it, you don’t have to believe it.
That too is love.
But if you don’t believe it, at least try and understand it.
Even with just one person you love, one love....you probably understand just how much tragedy one person can cause.
...Instead, give thanks. Give thanks for the affection she poured into you,
so that you don’t believe that she would want to make herself feel better by tormenting people over a long-held grudge..."
After she was told that Rudolf married Kyrie as his second wife once she had died....Asumu couldn’t calm her heart.
As for her daughter, Ange, she was a foriegn contamination that she absolutely did not recognize as a member of the family.
With that emotion at her core, she was made into an assassin piece.
She was the sort of ghost who had a deep-seated hatred for Kyrie and her daughter, who had hijacked her family after she died.
So, even though Ange was not at fault, she tormented her...
"I, I’m fine.
These circumstances aren’t important to me...!
However, if this Fragment is recognized...what will happen to Ange?!
Will she lose her place!?"
"Because my mom married into the Ushiromiya family....a tragedy occured.
If Ushiromiya Asumu remained as she was....nobody would have been sad.
.....I....shouldn’t have been born."
"That’s not true!!
Even what we just saw was all within our catbox!"
"That’s right. ...Ange. Don’t worry about this."
"Rather than dishonoring myself in life...I shamed myself after death.
So, Ange, the one who should be ashamed is me.
Not you."
"In addition, you have a reliable brother.
And here, you have a witch who will accept any sort of Fragment.
You should stay.
I should leave."
"......Right. ...In short, it’s that sort of thing.
It would be strange for me to feel ashamed of being here.
Your ghost would find it to be the funniest thing in the world.
...Besides, what if the future was happy? ...In addition, if you embellish it, you can fabricate any sort of future."
"Right.
So stop holding contempt in your heart for this wicked witch of the piece.
Forget about her. ...Ah, that’s right. ........I have that power, don’t I?
*giggle*....."
"....Huh?"
"Battler. .....She’s,"
"Mom.....?!"
The witch of pieces’ hair.....
danced as if it was a curtain in the wind,
and billowed out in great sheets.
"It’s fine, Ange and Battler...I’ll cure all your sadness right now."
A beautiful bundle of hair, growing like the branches of a large tree, slowly enveloped the body of the witch of pieces...
"*giggle*
...It seems I also created a strange Human piece, piece.
Well, it was short, but I was able to brush off the dust that had piled up on me in the abyss of oblivion, piece♪"
"Your role was difficult, witch of pieces.
Be sure to tell your master that you performed your duty well."
"Goodbye, Battler.
Take care of your sister.
Young girls can be much more fragile than you think....."
"Mom....."
"Goodbye, Ange."
"....................."
"If the future Ushiromiya family was destined to only have one person alive.......I’m glad that it was you.
You’re wiser and stronger than anybody.
.....I thought that if it was for the sake of my family,
it would be fine for me to to make an effort to spill Kyrie’s blood.
...*giggle* I can’t believe you’re related to such a miserable, puzzle-loving aunt."
"......Even though ...In my whole life, I never called you mom...!!
......Because my mom was jealous of you even after your death... I won\'t doubt... That you were dad\'s splendid partner!"
"Thank you.
You be happy, too!"
"With that, the curtain falls!
Your opponent was me, the witch of the piece, peaceful lovely Piece!"
"May the world’s humans all be peaceful
～～～～～!
Piece!! "
*bang*
*snap*,
......*squish*............!!!３,
２,
１,
"Piece!
Glad you could make it everybody, piece!
With this, the curtain falls on “Umineko no Naku Koro Ni,” piece!"
"...The way you left the stage was like you were trying your hardest to be messy."
"You don’t have to speak so formally.
After all, 07th’s thank you party is always like this."
"...That’s right.
When I was in “Higurashi”, it was happy-go-lucky in order to contrast the dark main story."
"Yeah, I agree!
When I decided to show up in Umineko, I was told ‘there’d be a thank-you party,
and they’d already prepared somewhere for it in order to dispel the tension in the gloomy original story!!’
, which sounded fun when I first heard of it."
"So everybody thought that they’d be watching from behind the scenes.
It was sweet, a hundred times sweeter than diet sugar."
"Oh, and Piece.
Your power is to swallow your opponent’s existence whole. .....you’re not joking, right?"
"W, what do you mean?"
"She’s not joking.
That monster of a piece’s speciality is to remove somebody’s existence from the script."
"...I heard that Featherine sees our world as if it was written on paper, and can take a pencil and eraser to those words to erase and rewrite them as she sees fit."
"It’s an awesome power.
For her, the pieces, the game board, and even the rules don’t matter.....she’s the strongest, invincible game master."
"However, can’t such an excessive power also destroy her body...?"
"What do you mean?"
"Anything can lead to nothing, piece.
Even if you are given the power to freely create a world where no light shines and no grass grows, you would still be troubled, piece."
"That’s creation for you.
To tell the truth, it’s easier to make things grow if you’re given restrictions."
"If you are given a sheet of paper and told to draw a cat, people can enjoy figuring out what type of cat to draw.
Or, they can surprise everybody by mischievously deciding to draw something other than a cat."
"...Ah, I see.
It’s certainly a bit tricky to draw if you can draw anything."
"That’s right.
Like with writing, I would at least want some sort of theme or prompt."
"It’s that sort of thing.
As the power of creation’s restrictions decrease, it can fully spread its wings.
However, once the lack of restriction passes a certain point, its power then atrophies."
"My lord reached that peak, realized that place was not the place to go for those with will, and then returned."
"Then, Piece!
You only inherited Featherine’s power of erasure!
So I’m guessing you can’t do the opposite?"
"...You mean the power of the pencil?"
"No, no, that’s not it!
The opposite of the ability to swallow somebody’s whole existence!
Wouldn’t it be possible to spit out someone whose existence had been erased?!"
"Pi? .....Haaa, I never thought about that, piece."
"Right now there are six of us here--me, Beato, Ange, Bern, Lambda, and Piece."
"*cackle*
This is interesting. ......so it’s possible that there were 7 people here, somebody was already swallowed, and we just forgot about them.....?"
"*giggle*
The truth is, that’s correct. ...There was originally one more guest here, but they were a little too loud, so I swallowed them."
"Uwa! So it was as I thought?!
That’s scary, that’s really scary!
Who was it!?
Who’d you swallow!?"
"If that was true, wouldn’t our memory of them be erased?
So if that’s the case, we wouldn’t remember."
"Perhaps I didn’t swallow them perfectly, and some memory of them still lingers in you guys, piece. ...To help you remember, I’ll give you a little hint.
Hint number one.
They’re a kid who’s pretty skilled with chopsticks."
"Chopsticks?"
"Doesn’t that not match up with this western-style world.....?"
"Second hint.
They’re immensely proud of their reasoning abilities."
"I got it!
It’s Will!
You didn’t think I’d say Battler, right!?"
"I wonder if there ever was that sort of kid who was good at chopsticks and reasoning?"
"Third hint!
They’re a self-proclaimed great detective!
And they also go by the title of intellectual rapist!"
"That’s the lowest, worst type of title..."
"They once put their ear against the wall of a suspect’s room and listened to what was happening all night long.
After being welcomed as a guest, they snuck out in the middle of the night during the storm to seal all the windows with duct tape."
"What a bothersome person!
Are they a stalker?
A pervert?!"
"...It’s useless.
I definitely don’t remember any character like that in “Umineko”..."
"They see themselves as Lady Lambdadelta’s rival.
Before, when Lady Lambdadelta’s arm had been torn off, they took it and with a grin, started tickling it, piece."
"Nooooo, that’s super scaaaaaary!!
Did that kind of kid exist?
Are there here?!"
"Umu...why would we invite such a person over? ...Who on earth would ever be friends with them?"
"For such a cruel person...isn’t it not a problem if they’re gone...?"
"Isn’t that right...?
From this, doesn’t it seem like there’s nothing good about them...?"
"Oh.
Then it’s fine if I don’t spit them back out, piece?"
"There’s no significance, no objection, no dissent!"
"...*giggle*.
It seems we’re all in agreement.
Isn’t there no problem if that perverted chopsticks detective stalker doesn’t exist?
If I told somebody to separate salt and sesame, and they really did it, then asked “is there anything else you want, my master?”
as they persistently tried to snuggle up close to me, I’d ask you to swallow them.
If I’d also found that a noisy cat had suddenly vanished, I wouldn’t be amused with just that.
I’d want to find them spit out in a back alley garbage can later."
"*giggle*
Then I’ll do that, piece, Lady Bernkastel♪"
"Ah, that’s what I meant.
Did you swallow anything else?"
"No.
I only swallowed one person today, piece."
"....I see.
So it’s as Lady Lambdadelta said?
Aside from tonight, there may be another person that Piece has swallowed and erased.
At any rate, I have no idea how many pieces were created in the process of writing these massive tales."
"Well, at any rate, there are a massive number of people who have appeared so far.
Every time we repeat this closed circle, the cast list expands."
"In the process of creating it, there may have been characters who were never given screentime before being erased from the script."
"In other words, in the series of Fragments that make up “Umineko No Naku Koro Ni”, there are characters who auditioned for a role, but failed?"
"Yes, yes!
They’re called reject characters!"
"Certainly...I don’t remember all those reject characters. ...Maybe...Piece didn’t permit their existence and swallowed them up..."
"Yup, piece!"
"Huh?
“Umineko” reject characters exist?!"
"The reject characters for “Umineko” are usually discarded when they’re still incomplete, so they normally don’t have a solid form, piece."
"However, this doesn’t reduce them to zero, piece.
That’s right, since this is a thank-you party, I think I’ll spit up one of the reject characters I swallowed, piece!"
"....Is there no better way to phrase it...than spitting up...."
"*cackle* Don’t worry, don’t worry!
In any case, this catbox is the same as a box full of delusions!
So don’t hesitate and go for it!"
"“Umineko” reject characters are more or less characters Beato created, right?"
"Correct.
In other words, nobody but me would know them.
If they’re spit back up, will my memory of them return?"
"Yes.
So, as your memory comes back, please give us an explanation and introduction, piece!"
"It could be fun, or scary....how many are there?"
"I think that right now, I can spit up three people, piece.
There are a good deal more, but a lot of them are just concepts with no form, or have fallen completely to the depths of oblivion,
or have been forgotten, even by me, piece."
"Your preamble is too long!
Hurry and spit them out!"
"Now then, for three bouts of “Umineko No Naku Koro Ni” reject characters.
Begin, begin..."
"Ah, are you ready, everybody?
Since they’re all reject characters, don’t expect too much, okay?!"
"Then, come out!
Our first person! 
Nnnng～～～～～～"
Piece’s hair billowed like a curtain in the wind.
And then it became what looked like a large ball...!
~ib~ *pop*!!!~ib~
"Wh....what....is this...?"
"...There’s no head.
I wonder who it’s supposed to be."
"Oooooooh!
This is, this is!
I remember!
This is the the goat servants’ rejected body!"
When Beato swung her pipe, the familiar shape of a goat-headed servant appeared.
"It’s common for a character’s face and body to be made separately, piece.
So, the head was drawn separately, piece."
"Hmmm. If that’s the case, I’d like to remake my body over and over again to make it more charming."
"If that’s the case, I’d want a dantier body."
"*laugh* Everybody, everybody, you should ask for a big, gigantic chest!"
"...Would you want to inflate your crotch to the same degree that the female characters inflate their chests?"
"Oh, that’s a good idea!
In recent anime and manga, all the girls are swollen up like balloons!
This time, let’s swell up the male characters’ crotches!
Instead of putting breasts on them, we’ll put golf bags! *cackle*"
"I’m glad the mob servants’ bodies are the only ones swollen, piece."
"Then, I’ll call the second character!
Nnnng～～～～～～!!!"
~ib~ *pop*!!!~ib~
"...Huh?
What is this?
It’s just Natsuhi."
"H, hello.
I am Ushiromiya Natsuhi..."
"Ah, ah, ah!
I remember, I remember!
Yes, yes, Natsuhi was also originally a reject character!"
"Eeeeeeeh?
A, aunt Natsuhi was?!?"
"What type of reject character was she?
After all, wasn’t Natsuhi eventually put in?"
"...It can’t be. ...But....this...."
"Yes, that’s right!
Yes.
To tell the truth, the person you thought was Natsuhi was actually me!
She was a rejected design for Beatrice."
"Eeeeeeeeh?!?!"
"Aunt Natsuhi was....Beato.....?!
What does that mean?"
"....Originally, then, the one we thought of as Natushi was drawn as Beatrice?"
"Eeeeeh?! O, originally I was created as a rejected design for Beatrice?!"
"Hmm, that’s right.
I couldn’t help but draw somebody who gave off a mysterious air!"
"I see.
So the wave of hair would express the twisted nature of the character, piece?"
"But...doesn’t she give off the feeling of a rich housewife?
She doesn’t give off the impression of a mischievous contrarian of a witch at all."
"Then that’s why she was put in the depths of oblivion, and the selection of her rejected design brought her back from the brink of death..."
"...If Aunt Natushi was Beato....that would have been a very calm story."
"Perhaps then, “Umineko” would’ve been a completely different tale."
"Right now, I definitely do want to try a bit of acting out the role of a witch."
"Well, isn’t this interesting.
Do you want to try giving it a shot?"
"Eh? Me?!"
"This isn’t interesting!
It’s fine if she says one of my lines, but it doesn’t have to be word-by-word.
Natsuhi only needs to play Natsuhi’s role!"
"Then, I extracted some of Beatrice’s biggest lines.
Say whichever ones please you, piece."
"Well, isn’t this fine.
Go ahead, Natsuhi."
"....Hm.
In any case, Aunt Natsuhi’s sophisticated mouth shouldn’t say any of Beato’s rotten lines..."
"Isn’t that just a little too direct?!
Anyways, no matter how you put it, this is..."
"No, I’ll do it.
When we speak about witches, we’re talking about pieces.
When you speak about Humans, you’re talking about actors.
If I can’t play a role, I’m not really an adult."
"Good!
Then, she\'ll make her debut for the first time in Japan! Natsuhi Beatrice!!!"
"L....."
"L, love is lust, totally meaningless unless you\'re sleeping togetheeeeeer"
"M, Men are mere flies and maggots that get drawn to your female scent and crowd around yoooooooou."
...In this situation, it had basically been figured out from the start that this was a reckless act.
Hm, isn’t that nice?
I’m surprisingly into Natsuhi’s Beato.
Next, we should make a Fragment where Natsuhi is Beato...
And other reactions like that had already been decided...
"Um, I tried my best to be intimidating, how, how was it...?!"
"Uh, well, ...haha...you were definitely doing your best....haha...."
"Hmm. As I thought, just hearing those vulgar words from Beato was enough (smile)."
"Hm.
Still, Natsuhi is best suited to elegant words. Hm."
"Surprisingly, it wasn’t too interesting～.
Then, our third person!
Come out, my trump card! 
Hnnnggggg!!!"
~ib~ *pop*!!!!
"Wow!?
Huh!?
Who is it!?"
"..........................."
Were they a boy?
A girl?
They gave off an air of youth.
Were they a teenager...?
From the air of their garments, it didn’t seem like they were allied with the witches...?
It didn’t feel as if they were entering as a relative...
"This is this is this is this is!!
Even though all I had was lineart, he’s been cleaned and colored!"
"I thought bringing him as he was wouldn’t be interesting, so I asked the Witch of Painting, Lady Remotaro, to do it."
"You shouldn’t judge a book by its cover, but. ...I’m not sure what it is, but I get the feeling that we wouldn’t get along? Ihihihi."
"That’s right!
This man’s name is Virgilius!
If he’d appeared onstage, I would’ve called him Will, since that would be a shortened version of his name in katakana!"
"...Having two Wills would be confusing."
"If that’s what you say, then we have Virgilia and Virgilius.
That’s really similar, like they’re tangled up in each other."
"Wasn’t that because Virgilia took her name from an ancient poet?"
"The meaning of their name was definitely the one who led you to Beatrice....
Her role is similar to the one in the original source, so it makes sense that their names would be similar!"
"That was exactly correct.
Your judgement was good!"
"Hey, Beato!
Can this kid not talk?
That’s bo-ring!"
"Hm.
At any rate, all I had of his existence was 2 or 3 scenes and a rough sketch of him.
I didn’t really decide his personality or way of speaking."
"What, that’s bo-ring!
You have this nice sprite of him, and he can’t even talk!?"
"You might as well put him in those 2 or 3 scenes and let him talk a little."
"You’re saying that a little too casually.
Moving one piece should be enough for a scene..."
"Well, well, well!
That’s fine, that’s fine!
We can probably mix something in."
"..........................."
"...But, he doesn’t give off an air of being a piece on the witches’ side."
"That’s what I thought, too.
If you’re a witch, you should be dressed eccentrically.
Either way...he looks Human...?"
"That’s right!
Originally, he was created as a “Human detective”!"
"Eh?!
Then, in other words, Eri.....huh? ...Eri, Eri.....ugh."
"She was being bothersome, so I spit Erika out in a back alley trash can."
"Ah, I remember!
In other words, he was the origin of Erika’s character!?"
"Erika was a rival piece created to crush Battler after a fierce battle for the sake of drama.
But he’s a little different.
He’s certainly Battler’s rival as a detective, but through his extremely misleading logic,
he gets Battler’s logic to drift further and further off the path, and torments him for quite a while,
so you could say he was created to be a fated rival."
"Mah debut was planned for Episode 3.
Mah role was that I was s\'posed ta completely knock Battler ta tha bottom after he submitted to the Witch Illusion in EP2."
"Why is he using the kansai dialect?!
It doesn’t match him at all!"
"Shut up, Battler...!"
~ib~ "Let me just say this!"~ib~
"<Hello!>
Tha truth is, there’s always two.
Without love, it cannot be seen.
"Trick end and magic end!
---right, are you playing a prank!!"
"Originally, after Episode 3, he was designed to be a strong rival to fight Battler, and was then added as a recurring character, piece."
"Yup.
As ye rival, was I s\'posed ta be really annoying and noisy!"
"...He really is noisy.
I’ll modify him to speak normally.
I’ll do the same for his reasoning."
"Thank you..."
"What other scenes were there?"
"The scenes were fairly vague...for instance, apparently somebody from the Ushiromiya family
....was Natushi’s illegitimate child from 19 years ago?
It was something along the lines of a mysterious man arriving at the family conference."
"Ah, so that was the origin of the illegitimate child from 19 years ago in Episode 5!"
"I was coldhearted, and saw the truth through my own patchwork of circumstantial evidence.
I had the power to “define” the world based on how my logic saw the world."
"I see.
That feels pretty similar to Erika."
"The terrible thing about him was that his vision of truth or falsehood could alter the truth itself.
Even without mixing in a lie, you could still create any sort of truth."
"As I thought, he’s similar to Erika.
In other words, the scenes he lost when he got rejected were taken over by Erika in Episode 5..."
"To me, he seems like a lot more powerful character than Erika.
Why was he planned for Episode 3, not 5?
Why’d he leave?
Hey, hey!"
"Hmm. To tell the truth, it was because I was so flashy and violent in Episode 2.
Fantasy became really violent and predominant because of that."
"At that time, what is known as forum culture suddenly blossomed.
The writer and reader were able to connect through the internet, piece."
"...I see.
Since Beato was so violent and overpowering, great hordes of people surrendered to the witch."
"Umu. Yes.
In the original Episode 3, called “Land of the Golden Witch”, I thought I should put in a lot more action and gaudiness than in Episode 2..."
"I see?
Since you noticed that your readership was thrown into chaos, you changed gears."
"Yes. Since Episode 2 leaned very heavily to the witch side,
I needed to do the opposite and support the human side in order to make it lean more to the human side."
"...Is that why you created Virgilia?"
"Ah, I see...Virgilia was really nice and taught me how to fight witches."
"The name was the same, but the character and role did a 180."
"Well, I think I only borrowed the name.
Everything else was shelved until Erika showed up in Episode 5."
"After Episode 5, Erika also had a bit of a jobber feel to her.
If she’d appeared in Episode 3, she’d definitely seem like a demon who knocked Battler down to rock bottom over and over again."
"Unfortunately, there’s no way to do that...but even so, I think it was an honor to be introduced in this fashion..."
"Speaking style really is important, piece...he seems completely different than he did when he first showed up, piece."
"Will. Even though we didn’t meet very much, I’m glad we did.
Maybe the two of us are fighting in some Fragment somewhere."
"...I don’t believe I know of any Fragment like that.
Still, I can probably arrange something."
"But, the one who’ll win will be me!! "
~ib~ "You’re noisy, Battler!!!"
~ib~
~ib~ "Let me just say this—-!"~ib~
For one brief moment, the summoned illusions enjoyed appearing on the game board, prayed for another turn, and vanished from their original world...
"Please excuse the impoliteness, everybody.
Preparations for the great lady Aurora’s tea party are finished.
By all means, feel free to head over.
I will guide you there."
"Then, let’s move somewhere for the second party!"
"Onii-chan, shouldn’t you think up some parting words?
You’re the designee for that."
"Ah, this is bad.
It’s useless, I can\'t think of anything...!"
"I also can’t think of anything, and I’m the one in charge of closing greetings!
By now, I should’ve thought of something!"
"Then, let’s go and not spend time fussing over it!
Why don’t we suffer through an ad-lib together?!"
"As always, you’re all getting along nicely..."
When Erika moved to open the door...they were led to Featherine’s tea party.
It was only open a crack, but the sound of hordes of people having fun was overflowing from it.
"My master...?
Where should we go?"
Bern and Lambda slowly stood up from the sofa, but they did not head towards the next tea party.
Only those two looked as if they were slipping out to somewhere else.
"You guys go first.
We’ll follow later."
"...What....are you doing...?"
Bern and Lambda’s eyes had a strange glow to them.
Earnestly and mysteriously.....their eyes shone like a child’s, as if hoping something wonderful would happen.
"...It’s a secret.
We just want to take a peek at what was going on."
"Where it cries."
"...Cry...?"
"Yes.
Soon..."
"something"
""Will cry.""
"Then, Erika.
Later."
"Next time, I want a good role."
"Oh, my, the villain is pretty fun, too."
"I wonder if our roles will be close friends?"
"Or if we’ll hate each other."
"Either is fine, as long as I can play the same game as you, Bern."
"Oh, my.
We don’t know if we’ll play or be played..."
"Well, we’ll know soon."
""When something else cries. ""
