To my beloved friend.

"Are you feeling well?"
Such a conventional greeting would most certainly sound like sarcasm to you now.
That\'s why it\'d be kinder of me to ask like this.
Are you still alive,
my beloved friend?

Thanks for the reply the other day.
I was very surprised that you still had energy to at least write to me.
Well, the one who urged you to write an answer was me though.
Even so, the fact that you mustered energy to at least write for me, for my sake, was a great surprise.
Or a miracle.

And also, thanks for the valuable suggestion.
I agree with your opinion too.
Perhaps, the wire puller is indeed LAMBDADELTA.

That girl probably found a witch who has the worst affinity with me,
just to take revenge on me and awaited for me to be lured.
And I fell to her trap like a duck.

...I see.
I guess this is so ridiculous that it made you write to me.
I feel you\'re wearing your malicious smile.

But, when I think about your disease, maybe she is a precious being to me.
If she is a much higher-ranked witch than I,
it means that that is very close to your disease.

In other words, it means that that is the only way to escape from the disease that eats into you, no, into us, and she is putting it into practice.
...And ironically, it also means she is teaching it to me.

Well, it doesn\'t matter.
But, if by getting on with that girl\'s farce, your disease will get better,
I\'d like you to please lend me your strength.

LAMBDADELTA boasted that I will \'certainly\' not be able to win on this game board.
At that time, I paradoxically identified the rule X.
She\'s really a stupid girl.

In other words, it\'s like the story that always starts from June 20th.
Probably, this is the core of the Witch named BEATRICE.

Indeed,
if we consider it that way, this Witch named BEATRICE certainly is interesting.
She opened up a world
that neither I, you, or Lambda knew about.

The rule Y that makes it into the source of the magic.
It seems LAMBDADELTA touched it a bit but too,
but Lambda can\'t possibly reach her level.
If we call this very thing "magic",
then the only one of us who could be called a witch is BEATRICE.

In that sense, we may say that since she put together her own magic system,
even though she\'s just getting started as a witch, she has already surpassed witches... and she is even starting to approach your own level.

If she was fully aware of that...
Not even LAMBDADELTA would be a match for her, and I even less.
...And most probably, I\'ll be affected with the same disease as you.

However, even so, this is really interesting.
I see this rule Y as the very existance of the witch BEATRICE.

That\'s right.
I managed to analyze this far.

And, of course, there\'s the final rule,
rule Z.
Because the number of phenomenona being observed that can\'t be explained with rules X and Y alone
is way too big.

I\'m not entirely sure what rule Z actually is.
According to LAMBDADELTA,
it seems that this component has a lethally bad affinity with me.

If we assume those words are a hint,
...then what on Earth is this component?
For a while,
I had assumed that rule Z is a maze-like existence hiding the truth.

In other words,
a maze to not let me come close to rules X and Y.

My power is just like writing up a map, making sure I don\'t miss a single fork in this maze, and it\'s taking me a hundred years.

In other words, no matter how complex is the maze is, one day, I\'ll certainly be able to walk through it.
(By the way, if it was LAMBDADELTA, I guess she\'d just keep on walking along the walls until she arrived at the exit, even if it took her a thousand years.
No, actually, she would drill holes into the walls in a straight line, until she reaches the exit, without taking a single detour.)

So how does such a maze have a bad affinity with me?..
There\'s only one thing I can think of.

Perhaps...
this is a maze for which a map cannot possibly be written.
For example,
perhaps, the maze has an indefinite, ever-changing shape?

I see,
if it is this general idea, I may be able to explain it with the Rock-Paper-Scissors game that LAMBDADELTA talked about.
...I can\'t reach the end of this maze with the powers given to me, but to her with her drill, this maze is nothing.

... I can understand it using this as a general idea,
but to consider it a rule?

Rules are supposed to be immutable.
Something so indefinite being a rule is beyond my understanding.

Even though this rule should be solid, it is actually fluid. Kind of like...
Mercury.

In Latin, mercury means \'living silver\'.
They believed it that leads to perpetual youth and it was highly valued as research object by the alchemists.

It\'s ironic.
Turns out this is connected to alchemy and witches, and she considers herself to be a Witch.

Unless I can unravel this rule Z...
No, because I can\'t unravel it, BEATRICE will remain an actual, real witch.

...Agh, I got bored from writing this much.
If you did read up to this point, you must be laughing.
I\'d be willing to bet on it.

And now that you\'re seeing me make this face, you\'ll want to sneer at me even more.
Before long, I\'ll go to pay you a visit.

Your get-well gift is me.
Sneer at me as much as you want,
since I know you enjoy that.
Please, revive at last, so I can meet a friend who I haven\'t seen for so long.
From your friend
who hopes that you still care about her,BERNKASTEL.
