Very soon, it will be Tanabata.

A familiar event, marked by the hanging of pieces of paper, with wishes written on them, on bamboo branches.

It is not often that such wishes are granted,
but sometimes, spirits and souls of the dead, or even demons and witches, will find the wishes by chance and grant them... 

Ushiromiya Maria was supposed to write such a wish at school.

There was plenty of paper, so students were allowed to use several pieces, if they could think of enough wishes.

At first, everyone was excited about writing a lot of them,
but, despite their youth, after writing two or three of them,
they have come to realise to their own surprise that they could only write trivial things,
such as "I want to be rich" or "I want to become such and such".

However, unlike the other children, Maria thought that writing one wish was enough.

"I wish that my Mama would come home every day".

Rosa was busy with work, and had to spend the night there often.

Just like a child should,
Maria understood that was just part of her mother\'s job,
but that didn\'t mean she didn\'t feel lonely.

So she wrote down her simple wish about her mother coming home every day.

By the way,
have you ever thought about who grants the wishes written on these pieces of paper?..

There are several theories:
the Tanabata legend and the various ancient Japanese gods,
but all of those are, in fact, false.

What grants the wish is that which is closest to the person who wrote it.

It can be the so-called guardian spirits or ancestors of the person.
For those without a guardian spirit, it might be their parents or a close friend.

And to Maria, that Witch was even closer than her mother.

So, in Maria\'s dreams on the night of the Tanabata,
Beato accepted the wish that the girl had entrusted to that piece of paper, and read it...

"...Maria... Maria.
Can you hear me?"

"...Eh?"

"...Oh, it\'s BEATRICE!..
BEATRICE came to Maria in a dream!.."

"Indeed.
Today, you hung a Tanabata wish on some bamboo, did you not?
That wish has reached me,

...and I have come to grant it."

"Really?! 

Thanks, BEATRICE!
Uu!"

"Now, let us discuss your wish.
You have wished for your mother to come home every day.

...But, are you quite sure?" 

"Yes.
Just that alone will make me happy."

"Hrm..."

Beato crossed her arms and mumbled to herself.

It seemed as if she was considering to refuse granting this wish,
and was thinking of the best way to put it into words.

When Maria saw Beato, whom she considered all-powerful, make such a face,
she grew anxious...

"...Uu.
Is having Mama come back home
a difficult wish to grant?"

"No.
Quite honestly, 

it\'s a piece of cake.

But Maria,
consider it carefully.
Is her merely coming home actually enough?"

".........?"

"Should your wish be granted,
then from tomorrow on, your mother will return home every single day.
However, she may not always be in a good mood.
Do you understand this?"

Rosa was the CEO of a small business.
So far, things have been going badly,
and she was in a precarious financial situation every day.

She was desperately trying to expand her business by clinging on to any order she could get,
and using that to bring in more requests little by little.

If Rosa would always come home in such a state,
it wouldn\'t end well.

In order for Rosa\'s company to achieve financial security overnight,
she\'d have to make the wish herself
and make it clear exactly what the magic should be used to change.

So, even if the magic from Maria\'s wish could reach Rosa,
it would not extend to Rosa\'s company.

In short, for this wish to be granted,
Rosa would have to either lose her job,
or her entire company would have to shut down.

That likely wasn\'t something Maria actually wanted.
Hence, Beato visited Maria in her dream to inquire about her true desires.

"So, Maria,
make your true wish heard.
Your mother merely coming home is not quite enough for you, is it?"

"...It is not.

Just having Mama come home every day is...
not enough."

"Indeed.
Your real wish comes after."

The wish of her mother coming home was only the beginning.

Her true desires weren\'t quite so abstract.

Normally, if the ones granting the wish were mischievous, they would grant it no matter how abstract it was.

But Beato was Maria\'s close friend, and would never play such a trick on her.

Because she knew that Maria\'s true wish wasn\'t quite so simple.

"Your mother shall return home.
And so I ask: what next?.." 

"Mama will always come home early...
and make dinner with Maria."

"What next?.."

"We\'ll have fun talking together,
peeling potatoes
and setting up dishes."

"Then?.."

"Then, we\'ll watch TV together,
laughing at some funny show and enjoying our delicious meal.
That...
will definitely be fun."

She didn\'t just want her mother to come home every day.

The happiness painted in Maria\'s mind continued far beyond that...

It was wonderful if you simply thought about it for a second:

to cook a meal together and enjoy it while chatting.

Maria had never once asked to eat out...
Just eating at the table with her mother was more than enough.

But for her, even that was a rare event.
Maria simply wanted to have that every day.

The glimpse of that dream world made Beato laugh warmly.

Maria was impatient to have her wish be granted,
but Beato merely giggled and spoke yet again.

"What next?.." 

"Eh?.."

"I\'d imagine your dream extends beyond a mere dinner.

...So for me to consider granting your wish, I need to hear more of it.

".................."

It was only natural.
...Fun meals between mother and daughter were but a part of a healthy family lifestyle.

"I\'ll make tea for Mama."

"As we drink our delicious tea together, we\'ll watch TV."

"Then I\'ll heat up the bath, and we\'ll bathe together."

"I\'ll even put in one of those bubble-filled bath bombs that Mama loves.
Then we\'ll splash around having fun in the tub, and make even more bubbles."

"Then she\'ll kiss me goodnight, get things ready for tomorrow, and go to sleep."

"...Then, the sun will rise, I\'ll wake up early, and wake Mama up if she oversleeps."

"Good morning, Sakutaro.
Yes, I know.
I\'ll bring Mama something to drink."

"I\'ll bring her some chilled original blend vegetable juice in a chilled cup."

"If she drinks it right after waking up, she\'ll feel refreshed and smile."

"I\'ll put bread in the toaster and cover it with rose-flavored jam."

"Then I\'ll wait for the morning paper and set it on Mama\'s chair."

"Alright, I\'ll be back soon, Sakutaro."

"After a morning like this, I\'ll be happy all day long at school."

"School is fun too, and everyone in the rabbit band is always happy as well.
They make a real ruckus in my pocket."

"I\'m sure Mama will be successful at work."

"I\'m sure that she\'ll come back home in a good mood."

"I\'m sure that we will always, always be happy, every day."

"........................"

I could hear a monotonous, buzzing electronic noise.

It was coming from my alarm clock.

...Ah.
...I must have been dreaming.

"I wish that Mama will come home every day"

A small piece of bamboo with that piece of paper hanging from it was beside my pillow.

I wonder if that\'s why I had such a strange dream.

...BEATRICE came from Rokkenjima...
and clearly showed me a world that I couldn\'t even see when I was writing that wish of mine down.

...A world in which my Mama would simply come home every day has expanded more and more, into infinity.

No, that\'s not all.
Until a second ago, I really was in that world.

I\'m sure that, just for the smallest of moments, BEATRICE granted my wish for me using her magic...

She has endlessly expanded my unambitious wish.

After all, BEATRICE is the Endless Witch.

...And if the world she has shown me was made by magic, 
...as a witch apprentice, I should be able to create it myself.

That happy dream, which was so faint that the alarm had drawn me away from it...
I should be able to make into something real.

As a witch apprentice, Maria knew how to make that magic a reality.

"...Uu.
...By believing."

Yes.
Belief is what grants magic its power.

And thus, Maria strongly believed that it wasn\'t a dream, but something that actually came true.

...What\'s the first thing I should do on this happy morning?

That\'s right.
First, I\'ll wake Mama up.

I\'ll bring her a cup of chilled vegetable juice.

Maria jumped out of bed and headed for the kitchen.

She wanted to let her mother know that this was the start of a happy morning, which would lead to happy days today and tomorrow.

"Thank you, BEATRICE.
Thank you for making my Tanabata wish come true."

END.

"...The heck was that?
It seems like Beato never actually granted her wish." 

BERNKASTEL shrugged mockingly.

LAMBDADELTA, who had been chuckling at how sweet the story had been, looked annoyed at this wet blanket response.

BEATRICE noticed Bern\'s lack of understanding. 

"That\'s untrue.
I\'ve woven a Fragment of the world of Maria\'s desires, and given her a key to unlock it.
The only thing Maria has to do now is to unlock the door."

"Even if you made her happy,
...she made her wish come true herself. You did nothing."

"Bern, you\'re acting like a spoiled child.
There\'s no way for a wish to be granted unless there is a strong desire for it to come true."

"...Humans with a will that strong will eventually grant that wish themselves, regardless of whether a witch grants it or not.
Then there\'s no point to witches at all."

"Myself, I wouldn\'t even want to grant a weak-willed wish." 

"Exactly.
Certainty in willpower creates an absolutely certain future.
Our infatuation with the strength of that will leads us to just unconsciously lend them our power, right?"

"Yes, precisely.
It wouldn\'t be interesting if the wish weren\'t bold enough to make us unconsciously want to lend our power." 

"Bern, you take people\'s efforts and the strength of their wishes a little too lightly."

Beato and Lambda kept complaining about Bern\'s utter lack of comprehension.

"...Oh?
Then, Lambda, how would you grant a wish?
Have you also granted someone\'s wish on this Tanabata?.."

"Hoh...
What say you, Lady LAMBDADELTA?
I believe that one so beloved by humans should be an expert in granting wishes."

"Me?
I keep it simple.
I just encourage everyone to give it their all, fairly and equally."

LAMBDADELTA is the Witch of Certainty.
She praises the willpower to certainly succeed until the very end.

Despite possessing both innocence and cruelty, she also has a more tender side with regards to people\'s passion.

"The most common wishes I get are \'I want to be super-rich\',

or \'I want a promotion\',

or \'I want to solidify my current position\',

things like that."

"Just now, you said that you fairly and equally encourage everyone, but do you really grant such impudent wishes for everyone?.."

"Of course not.
I avoid granting those wishes to everyone in equal measure.
But in exchange, I watch over the ones who don\'t slack off in their efforts until their wish is realized--also in equal measure."

Lambda will never smile upon humans who wish to \'become super-rich\', but do nothing to work towards that goal.

Also, she will never grant success to those who only try to become super-rich once.

What LAMBDADELTA bestows is not the fulfillment of the wish, ...but the power needed to achieve it.

"Anyone could actually grant the wish of \'I want to be super-rich\', you know?
Obviously, it would take some effort.
What I guarantee is that the effort will not go to waste."

"...However, you make no guarantees about the necessary amount of effort, huh?"

"*cackle*cackle*.
I see.
Effort will eventually bring fruit, but you can\'t promise when.
You are quite cruel."

"Really?
You don\'t think the guarantee that your efforts will bring fruit is worth much?

...You see, I like hardworking people.
I like people who throw away everything for their goal, and who are capable of abandoning themselves to unending self-torment to acheive it."

Those who make their wishes to LAMBDADELTA must strongly believe that those wishes will be granted eventually.

Without the strength of heart, the wishes would never reach LAMBDADELTA, and would never be granted the help of the magic of Certainty.

And, to those people who certainly never give up, and do not forget the meaning of hard work,
it\'s blasphemous to all their hard work to have their wishes simply be granted by another person.

That\'s why LAMBDADELTA would never dirty their precious hard work.

All she promises is that certain determination will lead to a certain success.

And, just that is enough.

Your wish will certainly be granted.
No matter what it is.
Some day.

Even if the wish would be made by a young girl who wanted to become a god...

"Hmm.
So that is the Magic of Certainty.
A magnificent power that is in no way inferior to my own Endless Magic."

"Yeah right, it\'s way better...!
You\'re rock.
I\'m paper!
Double-twisted, super-thick super-paper!"

"...That just means you\'re a wound-up idiot.
I suppose that fits."

"Right!? 

Ohohohoho!" 

With Lambda being the only one who didn\'t get it, the three witches cackled together...

"Lady BERNKASTEL, are you not the witch who controls miracles?
There must me as many humans who want you to grant a wish as there are stars in the sky."

"Yeah, miracles.
Things that should never be granted.
I imagine the people  with double the normal ambition but a dislike of work would love that."

"But that\'s all useless, right?!
Those filthy wishes are unfitting for someone as wonderful as you, Bern.
Before you look at wishes of people like that, grant my wish first, Be~rn!"

"...Stop hugging me, you\'re suffocating me.
I said let me go!
Miracles are called miracles because they don\'t happen.
To me, granting a wish is in itself a miracle."

"Human passions don\'t amount to much to witches...
But it seems they don\'t amount to anything at all to you."

"...I don\'t want to hear that from someone who made a name for herself just by being cruel."

"*cackle*cackle*cackle*, wahhahahahahahahaha!

Not much I can say against that..
I may have been too uncharacteristically soft today."

"Well, you are really easy-going when it comes to Maria, Beato.
You should spread that around to more people besides Maria.
You\'re like sugar leftovers."

"...Exactly.
It\'s not just Beato, either.
You too have been easy-going today,
Lambda.

...Dried plums go better with tea than sugar."

"Bern,
it\'s not like Tanabata comes every day, right?
Go and grant at least one wish."

"Nope."

With a fed up look on her face, Bern disappeared.

She had lost her humanity over a thousand years.
She no longer enjoyed sweet and heartwarming stories.

Beato laughed coldly, as though this was the way a witch was supposed to be.

In her expression, no longer was there any of the warmth that had woven Maria\'s happiness...

...You\'re telling me to grant at least one wish because it\'s Tanabata?
Hrmphff.
I am a witch.
The Witch of Miracles.

...No matter the effort, luck, or enthusiasm,
...I know that the miracle never happen.

Precisely because I know that, I am the Witch of Miracles.
So what kind of a wish must I grant?..

So what if it\'s Tanabata?
They\'re just being a little too festive.
Expanding a happy dream into infinity?
Efforts which would certainly bring fruit?.. 
All of this is so sickening that I\'m about to vomit.
Blergh, how disgusting.

You think so too?
Well then.
Allow me to demonstrate how witches must truly grant wishes.

Because you\'re obviously looking forward to that.

The small Ange took a small piece of paper at school and wrote "I wish for my family to come home" on it,
hung it on a bamboo branch, and fastened that to her bed post.

Then, she clapped, and made her wish again so that it would come true...

Thanks to her strong wish, Bern has appeared to her in the land of illusions,
the world of sleep.

"...Hello, Ange.
So this is your wish?"

"Y-yeah...
Who...
...who are you?"

"I will not tell you my name.
This is the world of slumber, a world like the receding tide.
...Should I tell you my name, you\'ll forget it anyway."

".................."

"Well then, your wish.
...I wouldn\'t mind causing a miracle and granting your wish."

"..Really?
Really!?!.."

"Yes.
Really.
...However, magic is something that will not be granted unless you wish for it strongly and work hard for it.
Lambda explained the basics to me. Honestly, such a pain."

Ange couldn\'t hide her surprise seeing this witch intrude her dream and claim that she would grant her wish.

However, she felt that the witch wanted something in exchange for the miracle.

...But Ange decided that she would do anything if her family would come back home.

"I\'ll work as hard as you want me to, miss Witch.
Please, grant my wish!.."

"...Very well.
If you follow my instructions every single day,
if your desire for that wish to be truly granted reaches the heavens,
...I will certainly visit you again and grant it." 

But I don\'t know when that shall be. It could be a year, five, or even ten or more.

In that regard, I guess I\'m about the same as Lambda.
I will grant it in the end, so nothing else matters, right?
*giggle*...

"Then, miss Witch,
what should I do?.."

"Today
your adoptive mother, Ushiromiya Eva, has told you to consider her a replacement for your mother, and that you could count on her for anything at all, didn\'t she?.."

"Y-yeah..."

Eva...
did tell Ange that.

As aunt and niece, we are connected.
But we are also connected in that I have lost my child, and you have lost your parents.

And we cannot trick ourselves into thinking of each other as replacements for our lost family.

Even so, I consider you my own daughter.

So please allow me to ask you to...
consider myself your mother and count on me for anything you might need.

Eva hugged Ange.

To the young Ange, Mom was Mom, and Eva definitely wasn\'t.
...However, she understood the the meaning of those words, and the affection verging on sorrow.

But as would be expected from a child her age, she needed some time to accept this... 

"Yeah.
Aunt Eva did say that." 

"If you truly,
from the bottom of your heart, wish for your real mother to return...
then you must never let anyone else take her place.
If her place in your heart is taken by someone else, she will never come back home."

"..."

To the young Ange, that seemed very logical.

If she accepted someone who wasn\'t her mother as her mother,
her real mother would have no home to return to...

"...Alright?
That\'s important for your real mother, is it not?.."

"Y-yeah...,
miss Witch.
Aunt Eva is just Aunt Eva.
I will never call her my mother."

"Wonderful.
But Aunt Eva also told you something else,
did she not?"

Right now, we cannot forget the scars on our hearts, and together we have forgotten how to smile.

However, I believe that this would surely sadden my child and your parents.

...Wouldn\'t it be alright if we could remember how to smile, if only a little bit at a time?

Of course, we can\'t do this right away.

We have to remember our forgotten smiles bit by bit.

That\'s why.....I\'ve decided that from today on, I\'ll try my best to practice smiling.

That\'s weird...
isn\'t it?

Ange-chan, if you ever remember how to smile,
...please show me too.

I feel that if we do that, we\'ll be able to remember how to smile even better.

"Yes.
...Aunt Eva definitely said that."

"If you want your family to come back, your pain and sorrow must be strong enough to lift that wish to the heavens.
Until that day, you must not smile even once."

"Not...
even...
once."
"Exactly.
...I\'ll be watching over you. If it seems like a smile is going to come upon your face, even once,
...I\'ll consider that a sign that you no longer care about your family coming back.
I promise you that in that case, they will never return."

"...I don\'t want that!
I will never smile again!
Not until Dad, Mom and Onii-chan come home!.."

"You must neveer feel happiness.
Never forget the sorrow of losing your family.
...And stay away from the demon who will try to make you forget that, who will try and decieve you"

"...Ushiromiya Eva will try and crush that resolve many times with her sweet words.
But you must never listen to them, alright?..
Eva is a demon who will try and steal away your family for all eternity.

*giggle*.
No, she actually DID STEAL THEM AWAY."

"M-my resolve won\'t break!..
Until my wish comes true, I will certainly not listen to Aunt Eva\'s words!..
Please, grant my wish, miss Witch!.."

"Fine.
As long as you continue to keep your promise,
...then in the end, I will definitely appear before you and grant your wish.
...It\'s alright. I will definitely not ignore your pure-hearted resolve.
...*giggle*giggle*giggle*."

The next morning.

Ushiromiya Ange clearly announced it to Eva.

Those words were... a spell that would bring forth the miracle of her family coming home. 

And they were also a curse that the cruel witch had made her say.

On that day...
those words have forever...
stolen the smiles from both Eva and Ange...
"...Isn\'t this kind of Tanabata
much more pleasant for a witch? *giggle*

Ahhahahahahahaha.
Ahh, this won\'t get boring.
Not for a while."

These kinds of fragments exist, but...
what do you think?

All of you who like these kinds of ill-natured stories... would much prefer something this bitter, right?

Will this do,
Beato?

All I really did was make it a tale more suited to my role.
