"Our hearts are magnanimous!" 

"Even though the summoning circle was a bit off, we don't mind!" 

""For nothing surpasses the power of love!"" 

"W-woah...
I actually did summon someone...
Gramps' grimoire was the real thing..."

Realizing that she had summoned them herself, despite not thinking that she really could do it,
Jessica froze for a short while.

"You would like a gift for Mother's Day?"

"Ah, what a strong love towards your mother I'm feeling.
Hey, Zepar!
I want to grant this adorable daughter's wish!" 

"Same here, Furfur!
You know how she's always trying hard for love, don't you?" 

"Yup, that's right.
After all, she's looking to fulfill forbidden love with a servant.
Softening her mother's heart in advance with a mother's day present could be a splendid love strategy!" 

"No, no, I wasn't really thinking about it that deeply..."

Jessica never expected such noisy demons to show up. 

She kept worrying about what to get as a present for the upcoming Mother's Day. 

Looking for ideas, she was fishing through the library for a suitable book.
She saw Kinzo's grimoire and, as a joke, attempted to summon a demon.

She managed to summon demons despite doing it half-heartedly,
which left no doubt that Jessica was indeed Kinzo's child...

"Hey, Zepar.
I wonder if there's a magic item appropriate for Mother's Day?" 

"We specialise in romantic love!
So the love between a parent and child is a bit out of our area of expertise.
But after being summoned like this, we can't just leave without giving you anything!"

"I know!
We could grant you a fantastic magical item that could remove even the strongest barriers from love with Kanon!"

"Ah, no, I'm sorry, but ordinary things are just fine.
I don't want weird magical items..."

"Say no such thing!
After all, we're two of the 72 great demons!" 

"We would never tell you,
"here, have an oridnary carnation for summoning us successfully"!"

"No, no,
a plain carnation would be just fine with me..."

The topic had grown pointlessly grand in scale after she summoned these troublesome demons,
so Jessica placated them with the proposition of 'just a plain carnation'.

"Well then, if you don't want big magic, then how about a small magic carnation?"

"Ah, now that you say that, we do have a magical carnation like that, don't we!
It shall wither in but a day, but during that single day, it will send the recipient great blessings!"

"Oh, if it's something like that, I should be fine.
A single day wouldn't cause much trouble or curse me or anything, would it?.."

"It's a magic of gratitude.
No curses involved."

"Unfortunately, however, I have forgotten what kind of blessings it gives."

"But we promise.
This magic sends no trouble to the receiver."

"The mother of yours, after receiving this carnation, will be given magic protection for a single day.
Your wish is being granted by amazingly powerful demons,
so you should not fear accepting this item."

Magic carnation...

I don't really get what kind of effect you have, but please...
by the power of magic, bestow protection...

Jessica decided to give the carnation to Natsuhi.

"Mom, take this...
A present for Mother's Day."

"Oh, a carnation.
...It looks a bit strange, doesn't it?
Is it perhaps some rare, expensive kind?"

"N..no, well, not really!
It's supposed to be some kind of lucky charm, and it gives you, uh, good fortune if you take care of it?" 

"Is that so?.
Thank you. I'll take good care of it."

Zepar and Furfur had told me that the effect would last from the morning to the evening of the day after the present was given.

Jessica wasn't sure what kind of effect the magic would have. 

She stopped thinking about that and instead turned her thoughts to the fact that tomorrow was Monday. 

She had to go to school. 

And she will only know what happened, if anything, after she reutrns. 

The next day, at the school in Niijima. 

"Jessieeeee! G'mornin!
...Something wrong?"

"Ooof...
Good morning, Sakuka... I have this huge headache ever since I woke up..."

"Oh no, Jessie, are you hungover?!
Kyahahaha!"

"Ugghhh, your screechy laughter is hurting my head..."

"You told me before your mother constantly has headaches. Could it be hereditary?
Could it be that you have her sickness?"

Hm?
Jessica suddenly remembered breakfast that morning. 

That morning, Natsuhi had a very bright smile on her face.

"By the way, Natsuhi.
You seem to be in good spirits today." 

"Yes. It must be because of this beautiful weather.
My headache is gone, and I have awakened comfortably in the morning."

Hearing this exchange between her parents, she was thinking that this is most definitely magic...

Oh, so this is how it is...
Jessica finally understood the blessings of the magic carnation. 

It's true that the carnation protects its receiver. 

But it was never confirmed whether the sender would be cursed or blessed in any way.

...I see.
This is, after all, a gift from demons. It was simply one of those things that was too good to be true.

The magic of that carnation probably worked by substitution.

It removed my mom's headaches and transferred them onto me. 

In other words, mom is released from headaches today, and, instead, I get them for a day...

At first, she was annoyed by this revelation. 

But after thinking it over, she changed her mind. 

Yes, she was suffering from the headaches, but thanks to that, Natsuhi could spend just this one day pleasantly.

"...In other words, it was too good to be true.
This headache is paying my debt to Mom, so just for today I'll live it out." 

Jessica decided to just deal with this for today.

"What the hell?! 
Gyagyagyagya!"

"Hey, what the hell are you talking about?! 
Gyagyagya!"

"Je...Jessie! There's a fight over there! You gotta stop them, you're the student council president!"

Jessica was a popular student.
If there's a fight, she's often the one to tear it apart.

But today, for some reason, there were numerous fights all around, and every time someone called Jessica over, making her very busy.

But then Jessica remembered something. 

...Come to think of it, my mom told me that... 

...whenever servants argued, she'd watch and stop them if it was about to turn into a fight. 

So even that burden is mine now?.. 

Today on Rokkenjima, the servants were definitely getting along peacefully without fighting.

Jessica's imagination had been sparked. 

Natsuhi had no trouble at all on Rokkenjima today, and spent her time smiling as a result of that. 

"That's why the basketball club is so unfair, right?! 
Gyagya!"

"Even though you say that, what about the football club?! 
Gyagya!"


"So pay the student council fees! Gyagya!" 

"I'm being overcharged! Gyagya!"

"Ehhh! But you said you'd go out with me next week!" 

"Sorry, but work absolutely won't budge on that day..." 

Today, the problems just never ended. 

Personal problems, financial problems,
even shift problems.

There's no doubt.
All of the usual worries that Natsuhi held had fallen onto Jessica.

As the various issues continued to occur, Jessica unintentionally found herself wondering just what sort of stars her mother had been born under.

But since she had shouldered this respoonsibility,
Natsuhi could pass this single day in peace.

It's not a bad gift for Mother's Day, is it?..

Jessica thought this, and challenged all the trouble and the headache that should have befallen her mother head on.

Back in the Rokkenjima mansion, during dinner... 

Natsuhi's face was bright and cheerful.

"W-well, mom,
how was your day?"

"Today was lovely. It was very peaceful and calm.
It must've been because of that good luck carnation you gave me as a present.
Thank you very much."

Although today was terrible for Jessica, she felt rewarded just by seeing her mother's smiling face.

It's almost midnight. 

Zepar's and Furfur's magic will end.

As soon as midnight arrived, Jessica's headache has completely vanished. 

The carnation magic expired. 

And even though her head was clear now,
Natsuhi began suffering again, so Jessica experienced a rather complicated emotion.

...Just once, on this Mother's Day.

She was able to carry Natsuhi's headache burden and her other torments. It was a way of showing respect to her mother, wasn't it?..

"Hey, Jessica!
The carnation magic is now expired. Are you satisfied with the result?"

"Natsuhi had received divine protection for today."

"Yes, yes!
However, we have just now found this carnation's instruction manual!
You see, this magic..."

"Yep, I got it already.
I, the sender, get all of the misfortune and trouble as a substitute, don't I?
Well, this kind of thing was too good to be true, but since I could pay back the debt to my mother, I am thankful anwyay."

""Substitute?"" 

Zepar and Furfur exchanged confused glances. 

"No, there's nothing of the sort.
This magic is a charm."

"Spiritual magic that cuts through all interference to protect for one day.
There should be no side effects that would transfer any of the trouble to Jessica..."

"That doesn't sound right.
My mother's headache got transferred to me."

Zepar and Furfur exchanged glances again. 

The fact that the magic had a different effect from what they expected, even if just by a little, hurt their pride. 

"Hm, this isn't right!"

"Yes, this is a disgrace to us!
We must go study the manual a bit more!"

""We swear on our names that we will definitely discover the truth!!!""

"But, no, it's fine...
Thanks to you, I was able to give a little gift for mother's day. Thank you, really, you have my gratitude..."

""No, this won't do at all!
We put our pride into this, and we'll definitely figure this out!""

Zepar and Furfur, replying one-sidedly, erased their forms.. 

Jessica gave a sigh of relief and heaved her shoulders, then erased the magic circle.

She probably wouldn't see those two bustling demons again. 

...She resolved to pick the birthday gift to her mother herself next year.

What about that herbal tea that Aunt Rosa had been recommending as a good headache treatment?..

And so, the Mother's Day ended for Jessica...

In the meantime, Zepar and Furfur were trying their best to figure out why
the magic that was only meant to protect Natsuhi seemed to bring Jessica so much trouble.

As a result...
they discovered something strange.

"It seems that Ushiromiya Natsuhi, very long ago, made a contract with some demon."

"The magic of the carnation caused that contract to be set aside for a day."

"Because Natsuhi seems to suffer from headaches, I wonder if she made some sort of exchange request in the past?"

"But if that's the case, it should be Natsuhi's problem alone, and it should have nothing to do with Jessica." 

"...Very well!
If that's the case, let's thoroughly investigate Natsuhi!
Just what did she wish for, and from what kind of a spirit?"

Everyone, did you figure it out yet? 

Let's take a short break and stop looking at Zepar and Furfur.

There was the figure of Natsuhi, embracing the newborn Jessica. 

This was when the contract was made. 

"Ah, what a darling daughter.
She definitely looks just like you, and she'll grow up to be a beautiful girl!" 

"Wouldn't that be nice?
But I'm so afraid that she might inherit my headaches..."

While cuddling the baby Jessica, Krauss and Natsuhi pleaded. 

"Please.
I ask of you, bless our daughter.
She might suffer from my headaches.
She might, just like me, get trouble after trouble every day, and she may have been born under the same unlucky star as I was."

"Please grant our child a healthy and beautiful fate.
I'll take all of Jessica's unhappiness and headaches..."

...Perhaps, this could even be considered a blood pact.

Before she even understood it,
her desire seemed to reach a higher power.

So from that day onward...

Natsuhi began experiencing two people's worth of headaches.