"Our hearts are magnanimous!" 

"Even though the summoning circle was a bit off, we don\'t mind!"

""For nothing surpasses the power of love!""

"Eh...
Who would\'ve thought I\'d be bothering you two again..."

Jessica had once again used Kinzo\'s grimoire to summon those two demons.

"Magic to make amends with a friend you\'ve quarreled with?"

"A boy?
Or perhaps a girl?"

"...It\'s a girl. Why?"

""Ahh, splendid, wonderful!
The love between two maidens!""

"Some might complain, but as long as the two of you believe... "

"Things such as sex and gender will be no obstacle to true love!.."

""We will wholeheartedly support you!!!""

"No-no-no.
You\'re misunderstanding!.."

"Wait, seriously?
You\'re really just friends?"

"What a disappointment.
It\'s a bit outside of our expertise, isn\'t it..."

"But, if we\'re making her love bear fruit, it\'s important to add someone to support her!"

"Without a doubt!
Her love for the servant Kanon is the forbidden love with a servant!
Increasing the number of allies is the first step towards a great romance!"

"...N-no, Saku and Kanon have nothing to do with each other at all..."

Asking those two suspicious demons for help again really wasn\'t a great idea, was it?

Jessica could only scratch her head, but the two demons were already invested in this.

Alright then.

Jessica prepared herself and decided to ask the demons for advice.

A few days ago, at her school in Nijima, Jessica had quarreled with her friend Sakuka over something trivial.

It was only a tiny difference in opinion, a truly meaningless fight. If both sides had only apologised, then everything could have been laughed off.

But the chance to apologise had passed, and the awkward atmosphere between the two had already lasted a week.

Jessica and Saku both believed they\'ve done no wrong, and thus neither one apologised.

But both of them thought they would forgive each other if the other one apologised.

That\'s no way to make peace.

Just as she was agonizing over whether there was a chance to make up, she\'d remembered the creepy grimoire Kinzo kept in his library.

If I ask these two weird demons summoned by the grimoire, I have no way of knowing whether their magic will do me any good.
It might end up being a repeat of Mother\'s Day.

"We understand.
This will be your first step in your love with Kanon!"

"The first step in a great strategy of love must be bold, yet cautious!
You\'ll reconcile with Saku, who will then become a dependable companion, someone who will greatly support your love!"

Getting more and more into it, the two demons took a variety of suspicious, potentially-cursed props out of a 4D pocket,
and arranged them in a row in front of her.

"Um, no!
Please, I don\'t need any of this...
Just help me make up.
I don\'t need any grand strategies!"

"No, that just won\'t do at all!
We\'re two of the 72 great demons!"

"What\'s even the point of summoning us if the only thing you want is to just make up with a friend?!"

"...I knew I shouldn\'t have relied on you.
There was no point in this.
Well done, you two.
You can go back now..."

""Ehhhh?!
No way!""

"You have summoned us, so..."

"We cannot leave without granting your wish!"

"Being dismissed otherwise would be inexcusable!"

"...I appreciate it.
I just hope you\'re not going to complicate things even further for me."

"It appears that you have summoned us for performing some simple magic."

"Yes, exactly!..
Something simple will do fine.
For example, you could teach me some kind of a spell."

"With our vast magical power, we can\'t do simple things."

"So we\'ll just teach you to do it yourself.
Perhaps you would like us to lend you the grimoire?"

"The grimoire?.."

"This grimoire\'s really great! It\'s perfect for beginners, with all kinds of simple magic recorded inside."

"Even though the effects of the magic are small, since it\'s simple, anyone can use it!"

"Is there magic to make friends reconcile in here?.."

"But of course!
There\'s also the magic to make your friend stub her toe on the locker door,
magic for making your friend for asleep so that the teacher would shout at her
... and so much more!"

"...Those are all the opposite of what I want."

"The reconcillation magic is on this page."

"Oh... This looks simple enough that even I could do it.
It looks like one of the spells from girls\' magazines."

"But of course.
That\'s because the formulas of those spells are copied from our grimoires."

"R-really? I had no idea...
I shouldn\'t have laughed at those magazines...
I\'ll take them more seriously from now on...
Although, can someone without magic experience like me even use spells?"

"No problem at all!
The most important part of magic is believing!"

"Belief hides magic power within.
Since this grimoire is written for absolute beginners,
it can work for anybody as long as you believe!"

"O-ooh...
I get it.
I\'m going to try using it.
Thanks, you two..."

"Farewell!"

"We hope the reconciliation with your friend goes smoothly!"

The demons disappeared, leaving a grimoire in Jessica\'s hands.

...It\'s worth a shot, though I should be careful.

"Let\'s see...
A spell to reconcile with a friend...
What?..
Wear socks... ehhh?..
What the hell!?.."

-Magic to reconcile with a friend-

Imagine the person you want to reconcile with, then wear your socks inside out!
Then, secretly, give that person a piece of candy you often eat!

Nobody must find out about this!
This should be a secret between you two.
In this way, the magic\'s power will attract the two people to each other again,
repairing their friendship that was growing distant!

"...Sure, I can do this, but... What nonsense..."

No, wait, I mustn\'t doubt the power of spells.

They don\'t work if you don\'t believe they will.

Just now the demons told me that the power of my belief will turn into magic.

"Let\'s see if I can make up wtih Saku this way...
I\'ll find out tomorrow..."

The next day at school.

"Sakuuu...
Ehh, could I see you for a sec?"

"What do you want?"

She had to give her the candy in secret, without anyone else finding out.

She called Saku to the corner of the hallway and made sure nobody can see them...

"What is this?"

"Ehhh, it\'s... candy...
A gift for you.
Please don\'t think too much about it, just have it."

"Oh...
Thank you."

As it was required, she was wearing her socks inside out.

And secretly gave a piece of candy.

Now the spell had to work...

"B-by the way, Jessie.
I apologise for before.
I went too far..."

"Saku!..
That wasn\'t your fault!
I\'m the one who should apologise!.." 

That was fast!.. 

Saku suggested to make up all by herself.

The rest was easy.

They both wanted to make up.
So their friendship returned to normal very quickly...

"Oh, and thanks for the candy!
It\'s delicious!"

"Y-yeah...
I brought a lot of these, so we can share!"

"Yay!~
...Eh?
Jessie, why are your socks inside out?"

"Ahahahaha... I left in a hurry today and didn\'t notice..."

"Wow, Jessie, you\'re something else!~
Kyahahahaha!"

And that was that.

The demons\' grimoire did turn out to be useful.

...There were also a lot of other spells in it.

Who knows what they do?

I should check them out...

"Ooh...

Wow, there\'s a lot here..."

That night,
Jessica was sprawled on the bed, flipping through the pages of the grimoire, finding a number of spells that interested her.

And then on a certain page, Jessica\'s finger stopped...

"Hm?..
The magic to make the person you love appear in your dreams?.."

Any girl would be interested in a spell like that.

And Jessica was indeed a girl.
Therefore, she was interested.

How wonderful would it be if you could control your own dreams?

And if you can dream of the person you love, that\'s especially amazing.

"This kind of simple spell, can it really make Kanon-kun appear in my dreams?
That\'s just great.
Let\'s give it a try!
Let\'s see here..."

Take some rose petals and wrap them in a handkerchief you often use, let it absorb some moonlight, then put it under your pillow...

"And then, with it under your pillow, wrap yourself in blankets and think of Kanon."

At a glance, this looks ridiculous. 

But thanks to the previous spell, I was able to make up with Saku. 

If that wasn\'t a coincidence, but rather the power of the spell...this time will definitely work too...

"Alright, Kanon. I\'ll be waiting for you in my dreams!"

After announcing her resolve, she turned off the lights and went straight to sleep.

So, did Kanon show up in Jessica\'s dream?..

Jessica woke up to chirping sparrows.

"Eh?..
It was a dream?.."

Jessica hugged her pillow in a daze, momentarily unable to distinguish dreams and reality.

"W-what an amazing spell...
Hyaaaa!"

Jessica blushed and buried her face in the blankets.

That\'s just how amazing her dream was.

It was wonderful enough that she didn\'t want to wake up.

She and Kannon had shared tea that Shannon prepared and cookies that Kumasawa baked, and chatted about music they liked, as well as about life at school...

Even though it was just a dream, Jessica talked ot Kanon, and he smiled at her, showing interest in everything she talked about.

It was just a dream, but it made her extremely happy.

Head still buried under the blanket, Jessica recalled that happy dream and smiled bashfully.

"What an amazing grimoire!.."

"But of course.
After all, it\'s ours!"

"A heart in love has magical power.
You are now a remarkable witch of Love."

"Ee-eeeeeeeeh!?
When did you two get here?!.."

She thought she was talking to herself, but she suddenly noticed Zepar and Furfur being there.

"No, well, um...
I was interested only in one spell, but I..."

"We have no intention of blaming you!
Young girls in love deserve the most wonderful of dreams!"

"We are the demons of love!
A wish to reconcile with a friend is very boring, but dreaming about a lover? That\'s the kind of bittersweet wish we welcome!"

"W-well, haha...
...Thanks for the grimoire.
It helped a lot.
I managed to make up with Saku and, hehe, see a wonderful dream."

"Aw, you\'re saying you don\'t need it anymore?
Were those spells enough for you?"

"Hmm...
To be honest... I did want to use it once more. For the last time."

"*giggle*.
What kind of a spell is that?!"

"A girl invites a boy she loves to her dreams. What will be her next wish!?.."

"Eheheh, but of course!
We get it, Jessica!~"

It seemed the demons had long foreseen this development.

"We\'ll let you keep the grimoire for a bit more, then."

"If our grimoire is used by a girl in love, our magic power will increase!"

""This time, we shall create a wonderful dream for the person who loves Jessica!..""

"Ah, ahahaha, ahahhahahahaha!"

As expected, they saw through me completely.

Jessica found the last spell she was interested in.
It was...

"I found it...
Here it is.
The magic to show up in the dreams of another person..."

This spell was the complete opposite of the one from last night.
Instead of someone appearing in your dreams, you appear in theirs.

"If the quiet and unsocialbe Kanon dreams about me, he\'s sure to remember that...
And he might even say something like \'could this be love?!\'...
Uuuuweeee!.."

Zepar and Furfur were satisfied with this idea.

Let\'s start right away! 

-A spell to make someone dream of you-

"Let\'s....
see..."

Put three drops of water on your face, chant the spell, then jump on the spot three times.
Then, the person will dream of you!
Even if you never bring it up, they will definitely remember their dream!

"That\'s so simple.
It can make Kanon dream of me...

Fuhihehehe."

Jessica laughed clumsily.

This must work.

I\'ll talk to him tomorrow...

"G-good morning,
Kanon!"

"Ah, Milady. Good morning.
You\'re up quite early today."

"Y-yeah, that happens!
Ahahahaha...
B-by the way, Kanon...
Last night, what did you dream of?"

This is Kanon, so he might not answer honestly, but...

If he blushes, turns to the side, and says "N-nothing in particular..."...

I would be really happy with just that! Ehehe.

"Nothing in particular."

"Wait, what? Nothing?
That can\'t be.
You must have seen at least something.
Please, please remember!.."

"Well, I did see something... gray.
Like static on TV.
That\'s all I ever see in my dreams, but... why?"

"Eeehhhhh?!..
That\'s so strange..."

"???"

I followed the spell\'s instructions to the letter, so... why?..
Why did every other spell work except this one?

Jessica despaired that such an amazing spell failed.

"Milady,
is something wrong?"

"No!
Nothing!
A...ahaha...haha...ha!.."

Was it because I didn\'t believe strongly enough?

No way, my heart is filled with nothing but Kanon!

They said that belief transforms into magic power?..

But if this spell didn\'t work, what good is this magic of love?

What a disappointment.
I\'m going to give those demons a piece of my mind!..

"Hey, Jessica!
How did it go, did you manage to invade Kanon\'s dream?"

"Your love is very powerful.
It\'s likely that Kanon\'s dream was wonderful."

"Yeah right.
It did nothing at all.
Your grimoire doesn\'t work.
Screw you two, *grumble, grumble*."

""It did nothing??? Impossible!!!""

The two demons were positively shocked. 

Seeing this reaction made Jessica even sadder. 

"Yep, nothing at all...
Kanon didn\'t dream of me. He told me he only saw something like TV static in his dream..." 

"Is that even a thing?!" 

"No, it isn\'t!
You must have messed up the spell."

"How could I even mess this up?
I followed the instructions exactly.
I put three drops of water on my face, said the spell and jumped thrice.
The spell is the thing on the picture, right? "Orihsot, Orihsot"."

""So, um...
Who\'s Toshiro?""

"Huh?
What? What are you asking me?
I don\'t know anybody called Toshiro!

...Uhm, no, wait?
I actually have heard that name somewhere."

"Ah, I see your mistake now!.."

"Jessica.
Did you read the instructions carefully?"

"I glanced over them.
Why? What was my mistake?.."

"You see...
The picture here is just an example."

"Here, it says clearly:
"Say the name of the person out loud, backwards"!"

"Eh?!
I was supposed to pronounce Kanon\'s name?!
Not "Orihsot"?!"

"Well, that example works for those who like people named Toshiro."

"In your case, you were supposed to say "Nonak, Nonak". Wow, that\'s hard to pronounce."

"Is that how it is?
Wow, I\'m an idiot!" 
""Not at all, not at all!"" 

Jessica was very disappointed.

The two demons told her she could just try again,
but Jessica just shook her head.
She decided not to rely on spells and invade Kanon\'s dreams using her own powers.

"Instead of him falling in love with me because of a dream,
I want him to dream of me because he loves me.

I don\'t need your tricks!
I\'ll do fine on my own!"

"You have just denied us our very reason for existing, but..."

"Your enthusiasm is impressive.
We\'ll be cheering for you, Jessica!.."

The two demons disappeared. 

Go, Jessica! 

Conquer Kanon\'s heart and invade his dreams! 

Meanwhile, in the kitchen... 

"Toshiro" Gohda was extremely confused... 

"What in the hell did I dream about last night?.." 

In that dream, I was flirting with Milady... 

We went on a vacation to a southern island and did a lot of... romantic things!.. 

Gohda... do you mind if I call you Toshiro?.. 

Yes, yes, I do mind, Milady!.. 

I\'m a servant!..
This kind of relationship is far too informal for me, and, um, ah, my haaaaaaand!
Her breasts are like exquisite cantaloupes, ahhhiiiii!!! 

Gohda was still single. 

He was in love with the kitchen... 

Suffering from the thoughts of forbidden love between master and servant, he worked harder than usual that day... 

He served a cantaloupe as a desert that night, and Jessica quite enjoyed it. 

But she had no idea it was related to the spell in any way...
