-- In gratitude for the letter from the other day. Relevant Fragments included. 

Boredom is poison for us.
So, to relieve it somewhat, I grant the desires of humans sometimes.

"I will grant you one wish".

Ahh, that sounds so bitersweet.
These words alone could replace sugar for tea for seven years.
Those who hear those words from me enjoy the bitersweetness as well.

Of course, I also enjoy it.
Hearing the kinds of wishes they come up with.

After all, it could happen that I'll end up meeting a new friend.
Unfortunately, my expectations always end up being betrayed.

That girl told me that expectations are similar to tea leaves.

You can't make tea without them.
It's just hot water.
That's why any world must have an appropriate amount of expectations, hopes, and dreams.
This was a fitting example for her.

If there's too many tea leaves, the tea is just as undrinkable as raw hot water.

That's why I'll use a proper quantity, the amount she taught me,
...or maybe just a bit less.
I can't drink tea that is too bitter, so I don't add a lot of tea leaves.

"Can I really wish for anything?",
"What's the catch?" -- I'm sick and tired of such boring doubts.

So, in secret, I turn an hourglass upside down.
If the stupid human can't come up with even a single wish in five minutes, they're not good enough to turn into tea.
So, if the hourglass runs out, it's time-out, goodbye.

Here's one of the most annoying wishes that I encounter often: 
"I want you to increase the number of wishes you can grant".
They try to increase the finity of 1 to infinity this way.
Could it be that these stupid people somehow feel a sense of superiority in that, as if they approach Creators?..

However, I get the exact opposite impression from this.
"I will grant you one wish", 
and one wish alone is enough to create an entire universe.

Allow me to explain.
"One wish" does not necessarily mean you have to wish for something countable.

So when they start counting things,
it becomes obvious that the "miracles" they are thinking of are worthless.

What kind of boring things will a person like that wish for, even if they had a hundred wishes?
People like that are worthless.

It's the same thing as with tea.
If you reuse the same tea leaves a hundred times over, it's obvious that the tea will become ever more diluted and unappetising.
So if someone makes this kind of a boring wish,
I simply tell them: "Yes, alright, I'll grant your wish.
See you later."

Then, I disappear.

And they just keep waiting for me to come back, thinking of various different wishes, and then they die without even one of them being granted.
Aahh, idiots!

After, that, the next typical wish is
"I want a lot of money".

Obviously, this answer is also boring.
What's so great about money?

Do they think that a traveller in the desert, suffering from hunger and thirst, would jump in happiness seeing a wad of bills,
that they couldn't even eat or drink?

This kind of a narrow freedom is only useful within the framework known as "the currency system".
The narrow-mindedness of such desires...
ahh, it's truly disappointing.
Would a 25 cent coin be useful for a Japanese vending machine?
Could you spend 100 yen at a street stall in Africa?
When grieving for a loved one, would money help you fully forget them?

"I want love".
"I want happiness".

Desires like these disappoint me, too.
I could just say:
"Don't worry,
you already have happiness and love",
and that would make their wish come true.
Ahhh, so stupid.

Love and happiness are similar to air.
They fill the world, but you don't notice them at all, as if they're not even there.
People wishing for such obvious things disappoint me.

And, can I say something else? "Love" and "happiness" are as varied as people themselves.
"Love" and "happiness" are just generic terms for an incredibly wide variety of different things.

These boring people are unable to explain their version of love and happiness without resorting to such abstract terms,
so no matter how many decades they live, they won't ever actually get to feel neither love nor happiness.
Ahh, idiots!

"I want to never lose to anyone".
At first, that wish interested me slightly, but then I decided that "to anyone" is too much to ask for.

You can't "win" if there's nobody to fight against.
So as soon as such people would defeat their enemies, they'd lose their will to live.

Even though I could create and destroy entire universes for them,
why do people's wishes never cross the limits imposed by human society?

Ahh, this is why they are humans, 
and not witches.
Among all these boring people I met a girl who seemed to have potential.

After spending some time frozen from shock, she told me this:

"Please, guarantee that my efforts will certainly not be in vain."

"...Huuhh?
What?
I'm telling you that I can grant you any wish, but you want to do it yourself?
You want me to guarantee that you'll succeed?
What's the point?"

Sometimes people pretend to be philosophers and wish for things they themselves do not understand.

She must be one of those types, I thought.

"Her efforts" are not limited by numbers.
She was asking for something similar to those who want infinite wishes.

But deep inside her eyes, I saw something different from what I see in other people with this kind of a wish.
Even though the sand in the hourglass ran out,
I decided to listen to her story a bit longer.

"I'm telling you, you can wish for anything and I will grant it instantly. You don't have to put forward any effort at all.
Any wish at all is fine. But you do only get one."

"...I told you,
my wishes can't be counted."

"You mean, you want me to grant a large number of wishes?
How greedy of you."

"No.
I have a single goal.
But the path to it is complicated and many difficulties will arise on my way.
Infinitely many.
However, I believe that I can forge my path to my single goal, without making any mistakes, and that I will certainly reach it."

Certainly reach the goal.

That's not a wish anymore. In human words, this is "determination", and in witch words, this is...
Fate.

Wishes that definitely come true are not really defined by "determination".

This is perhaps better called "predestination".

But that's not something humans are capable of creating.

I saw the radiance of a soul close to mine at that time.

...She wanted just a single thing.

A wish that she would certainly be able to grant herself, predestination.

..."Make me believe in my own power". 

I thought this was interesting.

I decided I could grant this wish.

But before I did that, I thought I would double-check, just in case.

I wanted to know the actual goal of her predestination,
that she would "certainly reach", as she claims.

Perhaps, she hasn't surpassed the human level just yet. Perhaps, she is just another boring person.

But I have already gathered the tea leaves.

I was "certain" that she would live up to my expectations.

"Tell me.
What do you truly wish for?
What do you want your fate to be?.."

I will become
a god.
That phrase alone
made me certain.

I granted her wish.

I guaranteed that her efforts would not be in vain.

Her determination, to me, was already as good as "fate".
And to her, my guarantee has become "fate" as well.
...That's why everything she experiences from now on will be "fate".

But her fate actually has a weak point.
Her determination is the root of her wish, so if she loses that, everything will end.

Besides, I did guarantee that her efforts won't be in vain, but I never specified just how much effort she would have to put forth.
So it could take her an eternity.
Unless she gives up, of course.

Well, anyway...
If she could just honestly wish for becoming a god,
she'd have gotten a perfect score from me.
...On the other hand, turning a human into a god is impossible as gods think differently from humans.

A human would need to gradually get used to the pressure of being almighty, making short steps with their "efforts".

Perhaps, our world is like an endless stepladder going down into a bottomless pit.
You could go down slowly and cowardly, or you could hurry down wondering where the end is..

But if you make a misstep, 
you will forever fall into the bottomless hell below.

In a way, she was taking the careful route.
Oh well.
I won't deny that she disappointed me somewhat with how careful she was.

Since I wanted her to hurry down to the depths I found myself in.

That girl worked very hard.
But I think I overestimated her, after all.
Unfortunately, she was far from reaching the world I hoped for.

But that's okay.
Since she created a new witch, and sent her to me.

After that, I drifted through countless worlds for quite some time.
Sometimes I found humans that seemed interesting, and so I asked them the same question.
But I haven't met anyone who would ask for a wish that would surpass that of that girl.

That is,
until I met that child.

"Please, turn me into a <witch>."
(Ryukishi's note: this person uses the English word "<witch>" in their speech, which is not gender-specific.)

Wow, how direct. Yes...
Those were the words I always wanted to hear.

But again, I decided to double-check.

"...A witch.
Hooh.
...Do you want to fly through the skies on a broom?

Or, perhaps, duplicate biscuits inside of your pocket?"

"Of course, I would be capable of that.
Once I become a <witch>, I'll be able to do anything I want to.
And now, there's nothing that I cannot do.
Because I am already a <witch>."

I remember, that their eyes had the radiance of the eyes of that little girl I missed so much.

I felt the aroma of sweet tea leaves that I haven't felt for almost a thousand years now.

That's right,
she's the same as that girl.

This person will grant, 
create, 
accomplish everything on their own.
Their strong eyes had predestination in them.

But even that little girl has stated that she's moving towards to her goal, whereas this person boldly proclaimed that they have already reached it.

They caught my interest.

"Wait a moment.
You're saying you're already a witch?..
Are you implying that you have reached the same level as me, the Witch of Certainty who bears the title of Lady?
Know your place, you puny human!.."

"Yes, I am already a <witch>.
I need but one thing:
to be acknowledged and recognised as such by another <witch>."

This wish is pretty much the same as that of that little girl.

"...How brave.
I see, if you are given the title of a witch, nobody can deny that, huh."

"...But tell me this.
Creators remain Creators even if they aren't acknowledged or recognised by anyone.
Witches are the same.
Whether or not I recognise you, you should remain a witch anyway.
Right?"

"Yes.
I have already started to surpass human limits.
You could say that I am already a higher being than any human.
But I need my superiority to be accepted by someone who is of an even higher rank than I am."

"...A human could tell you that you surpassed their levels,
but only a witch could tell you if you reached hers... Is that what you mean?"

"Indeed.
I am aware that I have transcended the human world and have entered a world above that as a <witch>.
I would like you, as another <witch>, to acknowledge that."

"...You mean, to become a witch you need the recommendation of another one?
That's very interesting, but then, who would acknowledge the very first witch?"

"Perhaps, humans themselves granted the title of a <witch> to some being that surpassed them."

"So, then, even if I don't recognise you, you are already a witch."

"Yes.
I am already a <witch>.
And so, I need acknowledgement of a <witch> on a higher level than me."

"...I feel like I'm being deceived with tortuous sophisms.
What if I refuse?"

"Then I will force you to acknowledge me.
Not even you will be able to deny that I am a <witch>."

"...Hehehehhehe, haahahahhahaha!..
I wonder what kind of a compendium a human could create?
Could I take a look?
...Hehehheheheh!"

The aroma of sweet tea that surrounded this person reminded me of chirping of birds in spring.

After an extremely long jorney, I realised that I had met a resilient witch, the kind that I haven't seen for a long time.

Then, I plunged myself into studying the formulas of their magic compendium...
and thanks to bizarre explanations that only they themselves could give me, I understood that this person's magic was on a level far surpassing my own.

Certainly, they're still a bit clumsy.
Their magical world is still incomplete.

However, the formula for its creation is flawless and posesses endless possibilities.

It will probably take them a long time to learn to deal with this infinity, but,
without any doubt, the door for them was already open.

And, above everything, this witch has managed to create a compendium of magic in the human world.

The more a witch seeks freedom and power, the more they are freed from any restrictions.
What I mean by that is, of course, the restrictions imposed by the material world.

In other words, they will be steadily moving away from the world of humans, like me and other witches of my rank did.

However, this witch has managed to do that while in the world of humans.

That is, they could step into our world in their human form!

And, besides... their composition formula is extremely deep.

It's as if they're flying down into the bottomless depths while holding an umbrella that doubles as a parachute.
Those same depths that I had to descend to using a stepladder for a thousand years, taking one step after another...And they're flying fast!..

...Of course, there's the danger of the umbrella breaking, in which case they will fall into hell just like that.

Because of their recklessness... Because of my dislike for this type of humans combined with my interest for this new witch,
I started to shed light on a world yet unknown to even me, and felt honoured to taste tea that was this sweet.

However, that's just my own theory.

It explains that all beings are placed somewhere between two extremes: the side that creates fate, and the side that follows it.

Humans are the ones that follow.
They're stupid, helpless, unable to create anything worthwhile.

...However, they have solid ground to stand on.
This ground doesn't betray them, so they can live without fear of falling into hell. 

The side that creates fate is the Creators. The omniscient and almighty.

...But the fact that they can create anything and have no restrictions placed upon them means that
they also don't have the restriction of the ground under their feet.

Beings that have no restrictions imposed upon them lose even the restriction of "meaning".

...The very concept of life and death disappears for them, and they reach the limit of zero.

Or else, they fall,
crumble,
and vanish like mist.

I think that witches belong somewhere in the middle.

We create fate and play around with it.
We have fun with that freedom.

But we still accept certain limits and restrictions, giving us some footing so that we wouldn't fall down. 

Those witches that aren't afraid of falling are much more powerful than I am.

Will this person become a teacup, that relieves just a moment of the endless boredom on my thousand-year journey?

Or will they become a witch that far surpasses who I am, and show me an unknown new world?

Well, I don't really care.

If we were to assume that I am not a traveller headed toward hell, but instead a disaster victim trying her hardest not to drown...

Then, for me, this person is a splendid piece of wood to hold on to.

Will they become my saviour and take me into an unknown world?

Or are they just another cup of tea to make my day more elegant?

"Very well.
...I have no complaints.

Upon the name of Lambdadelta, the Witch of Certainty, I recognise you as a witch!

As long as your magical world remains "certainly" magical,

...I will continue being your guardian!.."

...I can't drink tea this delicious on my own. 

I have to call my friend. 

I should surprise her with a wonderful tea party.

*giggle, giggle*, ahahahahahaha!..

(>w<) 
(Ryukishi's note: that is Lambdadelta's signature)