I am writing things down so that I can forget them. 
I hope that only I have to know about any of this.

Since they\'re known as the Seven Izu Islands, I originally believed that the Izu archipelago actually does consist of seven islands -- and nothing more than that.

At first, I was told that Rokkenjima was a rather small island. 

However, my poor imagination drew me a picture of a tiny island with a single palm tree on it when I heard that. Compared to that, Rokkenjima was actually quite vast. 

The coastline of the island was a little over 6 miles (10km).
The overall length of the island would be almost 2 miles (3km). 

On a map, it\'ll certainly look small, but when you take into account that it\'s a private island, with only the mansion of the Ushiromiya family built there,
its vastness becomes something unimaginable.

I often remember how the presence of the imposing mansion on the other side of the beautiful rose garden greatly surprised me when I first arrived here. 

Not even in my wildest dreams could I imagine that my life as a cook will lead me to a mansion of billionaires.
That was like a manga or a fairy tale... 

It all started with me getting extremely unlucky.

I worked at a restaurant in a well-known hotel, and it was a wonderful job full of both pride and tension. It was a place where wonderfully talented cooks competed with their skills. 

The bonds between us were even stronger than our pride or any tradition. 

But everything collapsed when the head chef, who united everyone with his strong charisma, suddenly retired due to illness. 

For us cooks, our skills and pride mean everything, and the only people we can respect are cooks that surpass us.
That\'s why, under this head chef\'s control, we all performed our work as one, no matter how impatient, inflexible or young we were. 

So, perhaps, this was an inevitable consequence of the head chef suddenly retiring.

We have split into several factions. 

We expected the most popular person in the kitchen to become head chef.
He was highly valued for his achievements, skills, and leadership over the enthusiastic juniors.

However, he was also strong willed.
He didn\'t get along very well with the hotel management. 

The management needed a cook who would show satisfactory results within suitable budgets and deadlines, not a cook who would ignore those, but produce an amazing result.

...This clash of priorities became a problem.

The candidate that the management ended up choosing was an indecisive man.
He was more interested in showing his subservience to the management than actually making food.

Instead of improving his cooking skill, he was only spending time on figuring out how to get a promotion. 

In the end, this man became the head chef.
The person all of us wanted to see in that position instead ended up as his assistant.
We couldn\'t accept this result, but we decided to keep working under these conditions for a while to see how things turn out. 

However, the difference between him and his predecessor was immediately obvious, which caused the cooks to explode in their dissatisfaction. 

Many did not approve of his method that ignored their pride as cooks, and of course, that included me. 

Before long, assistants and sympathisers both decided to force the management to negotiate, by slapping them with our resignation letters. 

At this point, it didn\'t seem like we had any other choice.

Back there, I was the youngest, but I still wouldn\'t lose to anyone, neither in skill, nor in pride.
Thinking back on it, I think I didn\'t quite grasp the fact that I was not only a cook, but also an employee of the hotel. 

At first, the assistants weren\'t interested in such careless methods.
Later, I understood.
The young people like me were very enthusiastic about this chance at a revolt against the new head chef. 

But the end result was unexpected. 

The management talked some of the assistants out of quitting, and they didn\'t join in on our revolt.
...After that, the hotel decided to clear the kitchen of the remaining dissidents.

They talked the most useful and skillful people out of resigning, and purposedly overlooked the attempt at a revolt.

I didn\'t get it right away.
...But the hotel could easily fire me now.

We, the young ones, have been insulting our colleagues who decided not to participate. We called the assistants "traitors" and started planning a counter-attack against them, but... 

A cook is a cook because he cooks.
Otherwise, he cannot make a living. 

Starting with the calmer ones, one by one, they quietly backed out from that uproar and disappeared after getting another job.
...Only then did I realise just how inexperienced I was. 

The title of a former cook in a prestigious restaurant can be both a weapon and a burden.
Finding a new job wasn\'t easy. 

I tried to find employment at restaurants and hotels of the same level, but, all participants of this industry have strong horizontal bonds.

Details of all the trouble were already well-known, and I heard there were even some circulating letters that stated that if they hired anyone who was involved, their relations whould have to be reconsidered... 

There was nothing indicating that I could call myself a cook ever again... 

One day, suddenly. 

I got a call from a young man who sympathised with me and resigned at the same time I did. 

He told me that a certain multi-millionaire was looking for a live-in cook. 

The pay wasn\'t bad at all, but I got the impressions that the working conditions would be rather severe. 

The young man told me this to return a past favor. 

From what I understood, they were looking for an exclusive
and very skillful cook. 

However, very skillful cooks would usually already have a job that wouldn\'t leave them any free time.
They would also have bonds of gratitude with their workplace, which means they\'d never thoughtlessly resign just because pay somewhere else was better. 

In other words, it was a perfect job offer for someone like myself.

Working as an exclusive cook on a remote island...
didn\'t sound bad. 

Besides, my financial situation didn\'t allow me to be picky anymore.
Furthermore, such a high status would satisfy my youthful pride.

Thus, I applied as a cook to the Ushiromiya family. 

Ten more were gathered there besides me. 

If I recall correctly, I was the oldest person there.
...I thought I was still young, and being among a bunch of people younger than myself was awkward. 

But the young ones had a lot of inspiration.
If they had more experience, they would probably become wonderful cooks. 

In terms of experience, I really had the upper hand here. 

Also, I was highly valued for my skills when serving the customers, which I learned with the previous head chef.

The difference between a cook that never leaves the kitchen and a cook that brings food out to customers and talks to them is obvious.

That\'s why I felt that I would get this job. 

...There was still the chance that they would pick someone young because
\'habits from other workplaces will cause trouble\', or something like that. 

In the end, it was really up to luck. 

Later, Madam Natsuhi told me she gave the final word that I\'ll get the job,
and I could see a smile on her face. 

And thus, I became the exclusive cook who would serve the Ushiomiya family. 

For the duration of the contract, I could not offer my food to anyone except this family. 

Nobody will see my cooking except the Ushiromiya family!.. 

Not bad.
And thus started my second life at the Rokkenjima mansion... 

My past troubles as a cook and as a servant would be very tedious and uninteresting to write about.
It would be too boring.
That\'s why I decided to write down interesting things about my working life in Rokkenjima. 

And the most interesting thing is, no doubt, the legend of BEATRICE, the Golden witch. 

All over Japan, wherever you are, there are stories about curses and such.
Of course, the hotel I used to work at also had plenty of these. 

So, the first time I heard this story at my new job, I smiled bitterly and thought,
\'Oh, not this again...\'.

But this story was different from others. 

Most other stories in Japan focus on ghosts or yokai.
This legend of BEATRICE, the Golden witch, was different enough from that to make me uncomfortbale. 

However, this mansion of the Rokkenjima family gives you a sensation of anachronism, so even if a ghost like Oiwa-san with her head wrapped in a triangular bandage were to come out, you\'d probably only snicker at her instead.
Perhaps ghost stories do suit a mansion like this one.

They say that the lady from the portrait in the reception hall wanders about the mansion every night. 

They say that this lady rules this mansion at night, that if you don\'t respect her, you\'ll meet a cruel fate, and so on. 

I\'ve heard that a servant once spoke ill of Lady BEATRICE, and that this very same servant ended up retiring soon after with a serious injury. 

...In other words, anything bad that happens to this island may get attributed to the curse of Lady BEATRICE. 

Further expanding on that, it means that whenever something bad happens, the one who gets the blame is the person who doesn\'t repsect her.
I quickly figured that out and made sure to act like I respected BEATRICE deeply. 

But in my heart, I sneered at her, since there was no way something so absurd existed...

This ghost story of BEATRICE was blindly accepted by the senior servants. 

\'Respect her or you\'ll be cursed\' -- thanks to phrases like that, it felt like a person might die an unnatural death if they don\'t respect the witch. 

There\'s a strong aura warning us not to speak ill of Lady BEATRICE and not to take her lightly.
Even chatting about her over tea wasn\'t something we ever did. 

As strange as it may be, if you live among people like this for a long time, you start to think like them. 

I was starting to become afraid that, one day, during my usual night patrol, I might pass by in front of that huge portrait and her eyes would glare at me. 

Even so, I was above these simple horror stories.
...Or so I thought.

The night rounds are difficult since we have to check if all the doors and windows are closed inside of this huge mansion.
On the other hand, the family was already asleep, and I could relax somewhat as a servant.

One night. 

When I was passing by the reception hall, I saw a silhouette disappearing towards the grand stairscase.
I heard footsteps too. 

Since I had thought that Master and Madam were already sleeping and I was kind of slacking around, I got greatly flustered and tense. 

That floating shadow left the impression of a female figure. 

Among the servants, there\'s no one with a silhouette like that, so I automaticaly thought it was Madam or Milady.
It seemed like the silhouette was wearing a negligee. 

However, when I think carefully, that was quite a strange story. 

Madam is an extremely serious person and always said that the corridors inside the mansion were the same as public roads. 

In other words, she meant that people shouldn\'t walk around the corridors in informal clothing, such as pajamas.

Actually, even when the people of the Ushiromiya family were at home, they were always using formal garments.
At home, one should relax and wear more comfortable clothes, but such logic didn\'t apply to this family. 

I actually have seen Madam chewing Milady out for having her clothes out of shape. 

So, after thinking carefully, I concluded that no such silhouettes were supposed to exist in this mansion.
The more I think about it, the less likely it seems that it was a person from the mansion... 

Then, who on Earth... did I see? 

Was it really... Lady BEATRICE?.. 

I saw the silhouette in the reception hall.
...In other words, in front of her portrait. 

After some time passed, I felt even more scared than the moment I saw the silhouette. 

"Kanon.
Do you have a minute?" 

"...I\'m washing and tidying up the tools, after which I planned to clean the grand staircase.
...Why?" 

He is a servant who uses the alias of "Kanon", and who is allowed to wear the One-Winged Eagle. 

From the very start, I thought I wouldn\'t be able to get along well with him, and now I didn\'t even want to try anymore. 

...However, that moment was so unusual, that I wanted to discuss it with him. 

He\'s been serving the Ushiromiya family longer than I have, and he knows the details about the horror story of BEATRICE.
...Even so, I can\'t help talking to him as if I\'m his superior. 

That\'s how I felt when talking to him. 

But for now, I just wanted to talk to someone about my experience. 

I don\'t care what he says to me.
I won\'t be able to calm down until I talk to someone. 

I see, now I understand the feelings of the barber who couldn\'t help but scream \'The King Has Donkey Ears\'... 

"...I think I saw Lady BEATRICE tonight.
...Has that ever happened to you, Kanon?"

"........................"

He remained silent and stared at me motionlessly, as if evaluating me. 

...It was as though he was a cat pondering about whether to stay or to run away. 

When I started to think he was just ignoring me, Kanon answered. 

"...Once, when I was doing the rounds, during my shift, late at night,
...I saw a golden butterfly."

"A golden butterfly?..
They say that when Lady BEATRICE appears, they fly around to announce her presence, right?.." 

Indeed.

They do say that butterflies that shine of gold are an omen of Lady BEATRICE\'s appearance. 

That story was very similar to the will-o\'-the-wisps that appear before a ghost shows up. 

But, unlike the will-o\'-the-wisps, golden butterflies don\'t have an ominous image associated with them.
I would actually want to see such a beautiful thing at least once, if it really exists.

...However, if I happened to meet them during a night round all alone, I\'m sure they\'d look really ominous.

"...The old servants say that the golden butterflies announce the appearance of Lady BEATRICE...
and that we might meet her if we follow them, but they also tell us not to follow." 

"So, Kanon, you didn\'t follow after them?.." 

"No.
...Going after them would be the same as disrespecting Lady BEATRICE." 

"...If I remember, a servant who followed after them had a serious injury and resigned, right?" 

"Yes, I have heard of that.
...Lady BEATRICE is kind to those who respect her, but cruel to those who do not." 

Kanon\'s mood hinted that even talking so much about Lady BEATRICE was a really bad idea.
...It was beyond his usual dislike toward me.

"Sorry for wasting your time.
I guess I made a mistake.
...Perhaps, it was Madam or Milady wearing a pajama." 

"...
Madam or Milady would absolutely never go out in the corridor wearing such clothing." 

"But I did see a figure.
It was like that of a woman wearing a negligee." 

"...I don\'t think Madam or Milady even have clothes like that." 

"..."

It\'s possible that this was the answer I actually wanted to hear.

That female silhouette was neither Madam nor Milady.

...Could it really have been Lady BEATRICE? 

I don\'t understand.
I don\'t want to acknowledge the existence of witches just because of this.
...I need to figure out whose shadow it was.

Perhaps, this intention of mine was reflected on myt face.
Kanon said, as though warning me:

"...Gohda.
Do not say anything.
...For your own good, you should be careful with acts that might insult Lady BEATRICE." 

"Ahaha... not at all, no, no.
I wasn\'t intending to do anything of the sort." 

"I, too, not so long ago...
have doubted the existence of Lady BEATRICE." 

"Eh? Even you, Kanon?" 

"Yes.
...I had the same opinion you did.
I was doubtful of the existence of this mysterious witch and confused by the insistence of the old servant to respect her."

"...I even thought about discovering her true face, if she had one." 

That was unexpected.

I was thinking that Kanon believed in Lady BEATRICE blindly, but now he\'s telling me that he had doubts about her existence in the past.

...Now I was even more worried. 

"And why do you believe now, ...Kanon?" 

"...
...Because I was shown a miracle that only a witch could possibly do. 

No, not a "miracle".
It was a warning.
...A warning from Lady BEATRICE herself not to doubt or insult her."

"...Sorry, but
could you tell me about this in detail?" 

"..."

He went silent once again. 

However, I wanted to do something about the haze in my heart, so I didn\'t give up. 

I kept insisting, and he told me about the story of how he started to believe in the witch... 

In short, it went like this. 

One day, he was cleaning the gardening storehouse.
He forgot to put the key of the storehouse back into the keybox in the servants room, and went to bed with it in his pocket. 

You can only open and close the storehouse with this one single key.
There\'s no spare, and master keys don\'t work with this lock. 

In other words, nobody should have been able to enter the storehouse that night. 

Next morning... 

In order to do the maintenance in the rose garden, he opened the gardening storehouse to get the tools and was shocked. 

The thorougly cleaned interior of the gardening storehouse was transformed into an utter mess, 

...and there was an eerie drawing on the floor of something that looked like a magic circle in blood-like red paint. 

"What an absurd story.
...If you had the key the whole time, the storehouse was a closed room.
Nobody would be able to make a mess inside or draw such strange pictures." 

"...I also couldn\'t believe it back then.
...Even to this day, I remember the shock I experienced from opening the storehouse and seeing both the mess that only a tornado could have made and the eerie magic circle." 

"Of course... In a situation like this, it couldn\'t have not looked eerie.
But is there truly no simple explanation?

It could have just been an elaborate prank someone prepared to frighten you." 

"...
...A prank?.."

"Yes, precisely.
You are young.
To tease you, the other servants could have played a prank on you, couldn\'t they?" 

"...But I had the key.
At least during that night, there\'s no way anyone could have entered the storehouse." 

"Couldn\'t there be a spare that you simply don\'t know about?" 

"...There should be no such thing."

"Why are you so certain?
You believe that a spare doesn\'t exist.
But you can\'t prove that.
Perhaps, a spare key exists, and you simply don\'t know about it.
This allows us to explain the incomprehensible closed room as someone\'s prank." 

I started feeling like a great detective.
Kanon didn\'t object against my explanation. 

My mood improved, and I ended up criticising Lady BEATRICE. 

witches don\'t exist.
Surely, it was a misunderstanding.
All of the incomprehensible incidents that the witch is allegedly "responsible" for could be explained with simple tricks or coincidences. 

...I\'ll never forget the wide-eyed expression Kanon showed me at that moment. 

It was as if he said \'You\'ll never get away unharmed after saying such dreadful things\'... It was as though he was frightened by my stupidity... A face like that. 

That uncanny expression of his got stuck in my heart as a thorn.
I froze, and remained like that for a while... 

And then, one day, when I was starting to forget the pain of that thorn... 

It was a rare day, when Master Kinzo was out.
...Master Krauss, Madam and Milady were also absent because of a trip, meaning the whole Ushiromiya family was gone from the island.
A truly rare day, indeed."

Because of that, the shift chart had only a few people assigned,
so, that day, only Genji and I were on duty.

They often say that \'when the cat\'s away, the mice will play\'. It really was a very pleasant day.

Genji never left the servant room and was busy with paperwork. 

So, I was secretly but carefreely strolling through the rose garden with a beer can and a persimmon.
It was a really pleasant, wonderful day, and I wished that I could have a day like this at least once a week. 

The only thing I had to do was cook for myself and Genji, which was a piece of cake.

The cooking wasn\'t too troublesome,
so having such a rare opportunity, I cleaned the kitchen more diligently than usual, and was rewarded with a reflection of my wide smile in the sparkling kitchen sink. 

Genji was in charge of patrolling, so when I was finished with my work, I returned to the servants\' room and,
to get rid of the daily fatigue, I took a shower.

Suddenly, the phone rang. 

I thought that calling at this hour meant it was something urgent.

But Genji never calls in the middle of the night, even if something urgent happens. He\'d rather avoid the phone call and go up to knock on the door of the person he had business with.

I wondered what must have happened for Genji,
of all people,
to call. In a rush, I covered myself with a bath towel and picked up the phone.

"Did something happen?"
His answer to that was really simple.

"...Come to the kitchen as soon as you can.
Hurry."

It was strange for Genji\'s voice to sound so nervous.

However, the tone of his voice made me realize that something very strange must have happened.

...But what on Earth could have happened?

By the way, the kitchen, to me, was my fortress.
If whatever happened there was due to my ineptitude, I would be responsible.
...But how could I, of all people, mess something up in the kitchen?
Anyway, I changed clothes once again and rushed to the kitchen.

And then... I\'ll probably never forget what I saw there.

"...T-this...
...What\'s the meaning of this!?.."

"I want you to help me out here.
It\'s too much for me to handle alone."

Looking at this bizarre situation, I was surprised at how Genji-san\'s surprise was only expressed in the nervousness of his voice...

Either way,
...my beloved kitchen, that I had tidied up so well,
...it should have been in a perfect condition,
...so why is it like this?..

On the counter, the pots and bowls that I have polished until they shined,
...were piled up like children\'s building blocks.

And around it, the cookware, such as the ladles, were lined up radially...
...The impression it gave off at first could be described like that of a totem pole built out of cookware. 

Moreover, ...they were surrounded by thick, blood-like red paint, 

...in the shape of an eerie magical circle. 

Of course, shivers went up my spine... 

And then, in my mind, the thorn from that time was revived.

...Isn\'t this the same thing...
that Kanon saw in the gardening storehouse?
I was damn sure that was the case...

"...Gohda.
The other servants must not see this.
Let\'s hurry up and clean." 

"R-right...
Let\'s clean...
Wait, no! Who could have done such a thing?!.." 

What a strange story. 

Today, only I and Genji were on Rokkenjima. 

I would never do such an absurd thing,
...so this automatically makes Genji the culprit.

But,
...would he ever do something like this?!..

What would he gain from such a prank?!
Does he just want to harass me?!
But Genji is cleaning, too.
Why would he make a mess and clean it on his own?.. Would he do something so pointless just to scare me?!
That\'s impossible! 

If I were to find a culprit for this grotesque prank with a magic circle... 

...I can only think of the Golden witch, BEATRICE... 

"Genji, w-when did you notice this?.." 

"When I finished my round and was about to return to the servants\' room, I noticed that the door of the kitchen had been left open.
...I took a peek, and it was already in this state."

"Could it have been... a burglar?!.." 

"The mansion is perfectly locked.
Besides, there\'s no way a burglar would go through the trouble of coming to Rokkenjima." 

"Then... Who could have done this?!.." 
"...
...There\'s no need to figure that out.
Gohda, you will wash the dishes.
I\'ll erase the scribbles.
We should not allow them to reach the eyes of anyone else."

"S-sorry, but, I heard from Kanon that something... similar to this happened before, at the gardening storehouse...
So, uhm... does this kind of thing happen often?.." 

Perhaps I shouldn\'t have asked. 

Even though his mouth and lips never stopped moving, Genji turned around and raised his head with a grim face... 

"...Bloody Kanon. And I told him to keep quiet about this, too."

"I\'m, I\'m sorry, please, don\'t scold him!
I was the one who insisted!..
Please, just tell me!..
Did this... kind of thing happen often before?!.." 

"...It happens now and again.
These pranks aren\'t that rare." 

"Pranks, you say, but who could?!.. 

After all, there\'s only the two of us here, right?!
Who could possibly be here except us!?
Of course, I didn\'t do this!
Then, did you do this, Genji?!
I don\'t understand! What does it all mean?! Who did this?!" 

"...Don\'t think about it.
Just be silent and clean.
...Never tell of this to anyone.
Not to Master Kinzo, Master Krauss, not to Madam Natsuhi, and, of course, not to Milady either.
...Kanon shall be punished later." 

"I won\'t say a word to anyone, so please, answer me!..
Genji, do you think that BEATRICE did this?!.."

"Don\'t say her name so recklessly." 

"...W-why?"

"...The servants who do this don\'t last long here.
Gohda, Madam highly values your cooking skill.
...It\'d be troublesome if you had to quit."

That sounded a little threatening. 

And at the same time, it seemed like he was basically admitting to this being the fault of "Lady BEATRICE".

...These strange cases, perhaps, were not limited by what happened in the gardening storehouse. 

And, without any doubt, whenever this happens, it\'s covered up before the family can notice it...

"I w-won\'t speak her name carelessly again,
...so please tell me. Was this... done by Lady BEATRICE?.."

"...
...Most likely, yes.
...The previous cases were even more incomprehensible.
And, they were definitely impossible for a human." 

"Like what?.." 

"...A young servant who was doing the night round saw a golden butterfly and went after it.
Arriving at the closed back door, she lost sight of the butterfly and gave up."

"If I\'m not mistaken, when you see a golden butterfly, ...you\'re not supposed to go after it, right?.."

"Indeed.
...Then, she turned around... 

...And the entire wall has been painted over by magic circles similar to this one."

"Eh?! So that means... that means... that young servant followed after the golden butterfly, gave up and...
You\'re telling me that in the few seconds she wasn\'t looking,
the entire wall was painted over?!"

"...She couldn\'t have overlooked the wall, either.
She strongly insisted that the wall had no drawings on it at first.
And she also said it happened in the few seconds it took her to check that the back door was locked and turn around." 

"No-no-no-no way, you\'re kidding me...
Couldn\'t it have been a joke?.."

"...She called me and I came to help her to erase that.
...The pattern was too complex.
It certainly wasn\'t something you could draw in a few seconds,
and it wasn\'t something you could possibly overlook, either."

"Right after this, the servant was hospitalised with a high fever, and had to retire.
She returned to her hometown afterwards and never got in touch with any of us again."

"...Absurd...
No, perhaps, even that was an advanced prank!
Perhaps, the young servant did this herself to make fun of everybody, or something..." 

"...Yes, this is also a valid viewpoint.
...But I would like to stop talking about this now.
...After all.
I myself... had a firsthand experience
with something that is definitely impossible for a human."

"Eh?!
W-what!?.." 

"..."

Genji stopped talking there.
...After a long pause, he chose to ignore me completely and resume cleaning... 

Genji, who was a very pragmatic person and very serious about his work, only kept silence when it came to Lady BEATRICE... 

His silence told me that she \'exists\' better than a million words could... 

We finished the cleaning. 

...Even if we told someone that a weird totem pole and magic circle were in the kitchen, nobody would ever believe it. 

Genji warned me once again not to speak of it to anyone... 

I tried to forcibly erase the events of that night from my mind with strong alcohol. 

A lot of time has passed,
and I chose to conclude that it was a joke from someone with awful taste. 

But even nowadays, I get frightened sometimes. 

The first thing every morning, for me, is to go to the kitchen to make breakfast. 

...At those times, I get frightened that my cookware would end up piled up in a strange manner again. 

It\'s better if I forget about it. 

I want to help myself forget by writing it down here. 

At any rate,
I hope I will never have to go through something like this again... 
G. Toshiro

Tooooo baaaaaaaaad!!! You will!
