Have you ever heard the news brought by the wind? 
The wind is truly carrying them along,
and whispering in our ears. 

"How are you, BERNKASTEL? 
I am hosting a wonderful tea party.
Please do participate." 

Who could have possibly sent this? 

It must be from a witch, since a witch is being invited. 

"...Fascinating.
Oh well, this doesn\'t seem too boring, so I\'ll play along." 

Guided by the wind,
BERNKASTEL came to a dark, gloomy forest. 

"...If someone were to be murdered here,
they could scream all they want and nobody would hear them.
This forest seems perfect for a witch\'s tea party." 

At the entrance to the forest, there was a chair-shaped tree stump with a small sign hanging on it. 

BERNKASTEL looked the stump over. 

"...Ah, I see. 

They want me to sit here to trigger some sort of trap. For example, I might be bound by chains
while a cherry pie falls on my head, and I\'ll end up a laughing stock. 
Is that what you\'re planning?" 

Well, you almost got me.

BERNKASTEL was almost made into entertainment for the guests of the tea party, instead of being a guest herself. 

She continued further down the forest path.

Soon, Bern found a raspberry bush with a small table in front.

On top, there was a glass of raspberry juice. 

BERNKASTEL looked at the juice glass. 

"...Ah, I see.
It must be poisoned.
When I drink this, my stomach will start hurting so much that I\'ll break down in pain, and I\'ll end up a laughing stock. 
Is that what you\'re planning?" 

Well, you almost got me. 

BERNKASTEL figured yet another trap out. 

Whereever she went, the forest was full of various traps waiting for her. 

"...Ah, I see.

This is obviously poisoned too." 

"...Ah, I see. 

This is certainly a trap.
That was easy to figure out." 

After some time, she ended up in the deepest part of the forest.
There, she saw a house made out of candy. 

...Who\'s the host of this ludicrous tea party?
I hope I can at least get a look at their face.
...Ah, I see. This house must be a trap too.
I should be careful.

BERNKASTEL held her breath and carefully looked inside the house... 

Inside, LAMBDADELTA and FEATHERINE were drinking tea and having a chat together. 

"Bern will certainly come soon." 

"She\'s even more skeptical than a cat.
She\'ll think this all to be a trap, then turn back before she gets here." 

The two were arguing about whether or not Bern would end up coming to the party. 

"No, Bern will certainly, definitely come.
I stake my title as the witch of Certainty on it. 

Also, she\'s not one to be scared of traps.
Whether it\'s chairs, drinks, or snacks, it doesn\'t matter.
I left all those things on her way to make her trip more enjoyable.
Bern will come here, and she\'ll be in a nice mood." 

"We\'ll see...
Since she\'s my former miko, I know her well.
You have no idea how clumsy, silly and scaredy she is.
...She doesn\'t have enough heart to figure your plan out." 

"You were the one who made her like that, weren\'t you?
Well, she\'s changed now.
Ever since she started playing with me, Bern opened up a lot.
She\'s not the same person she was before." 

"Oh, really?
No matter how much you might feed a stray cat, it will never become attached to you.
The two of us will be the only guests at this tea party." 

"She\'ll come!..
Bern will certainly come! 

I swear as the witch of Certainty!" 
"No, no, she won\'t.
There\'s no way. 

I\'ll swear it as the witch of Theatergoing.
*giggle*, *giggle*, *giggle*.." 
"She\'ll come!
She\'s a different person now!.." 

Bern quickly went backwards along the forest path. 

Did she sense another trap and decided to turn back?.. 

No, that wasn\'t it. 

"...It\'s just that Auau thinks I won\'t come.
...So I\'ll do it to spite her.
The last thing I want to do is what that bitch expects of me.
...Yep, that\'s the only reason.
Lambda has nothing to do with it, not at all." 

Bern was muttering to herself while still rapidly walking backwards. 

If she did want to join the tea party, why was she doing that?.. 

She went all the way back to the entrance to the forest. 

All the way back to the chair-shaped stump with the sign.

"...Yeah, I\'m really exhausted from walking this much.
I\'ll rest here for a bit." 

Bern sat on the chair.

This was a roundabout way of doing things...

But she did end up participating in LAMBDADELTA\'s tea party. 

"Ahahaha, ahahahha! Told you, told you, I caught Bern!
I knew I could catch her!~" 

"...And here I was thinking you\'re as skeptical as a cat...
To think that you\'d fall for a trap of this level.
...You disappoint-
...actually, no. You truly never let me get bored." 

"...Yeah, I\'ve changed.
I\'ve become more paper thanks to Lambda." 

BERNKASTEL was sitting on the stump bound by chains and with a cheesecake on top of her head. 
It looked almost like a hat. 

The trap was designed to be triggered by whoever sits on the chair. 

"Did you have fun?" 

"...Well, it\'s not bad.
If it was a plum jam pie instead of a cheesecake, I would have given you a perfect score." 

"Oh no, the cheesecake suits you perfectly.
It truly matches your hair well." 

"...And you, Auau. Natto and okara jam would probably suit your head best." 

Now that Bern has arrived, the fun tea party of witches could finally begin.
