"I apologise for the disturbance.
Master Battler, I have brought Valentine\'s Day letters."

"Huh, really? Let me take a look..."

To His Majesty, the Territory Lord and the Master of the Game Board.

On account of Valentine\'s Day, and as the representative of the Seven Sisters of Purgatory,
I hereby present an offering of chocolate as well as an oath of our eternal allegiance. 
-- From the eldest of the Seven Sisters of Purgatory, Lucifer, with love and loyalty.

P.S. 
Given your order, I would be honored to become a chair, candle stand, cat, carpet, furniture or even slave for your sake.
My Lord, please use this lowly piece of furniture however you wish. 

To the Territory Lord who probably already received a ton of chocolate from others. 

Although my chocolate may be only one of the many that you\'ve received, I still poured all of my heart and effort into making it.

But even if my chocolate is just an insignificant part of a huge pile, that\'s fine.
I just hope that among the countless loving eyes gazing at you,  you won\'t forget the ruby-colored pair that would so easily fly into a jealous rage.
Ehehehehe. 
-- From the second eldest of the Seven Sisters of Purgatory, Leviathan, with love and jealousy.

To His Majesty, the Territory Lord and the Master of us Seven Sisters.

My stupid sisters have undoubtedly included some shameless letters along with the chocolates they have sent you.
However, they are not at fault.
All the blame lies with me and my sorely lacking guidance.
My humblest apologies.

If anyone is to be reprimanded, it should be me...
I am prepared to receive any and all criticism...
-- From the third eldest of the Seven Sisters of Purgatory, Satan, with love and apologies.

To His Majesty, the Territory Lord and the Master of the Game Board. 
I have given chocolate to many, but all of it has been demonic chocolate designed to drive the helpless to sink further and further into sloth, year after year.

Your Majesty, however, keeps tirelessly improving himself.
Thus, the Valentine\'s chocolate I\'m offering today is not hiding a trap of sloth but my heartfelt feelings. 
-- From the fourth eldest of the Seven Sisters of Purgatory, Belphegor, with love and respect. 

To our magnificent and stunning Territory Lord.
As furniture, nothing pleases me more than working for Your Majesty and gradually gaining your trust.
However, do you think it\'s above a furniture\'s station to wish for trust even greater than this?
I am covetous furniture who wishes to be the only one reflected in your eyes.
-- From the fifth eldest of the Seven Sisters of Purgatory, Mammon, with love and
even more love. 

To His Majesty, the Territory Lord and the Master of the Game Board.
I thought that Your Majesty deserved only the best chocolate, so I taste-tested countless varieties in search of the greatest chocolate delicacy. 
-- From the sixth eldest of the Seven Sisters of Purgatory, Beelzebub, with love and cocoa.

P.S. 
The greatest chocolate was truly amazing. After tasting it, I just couldn\'t help myself.
I ate the whole thing, so the chocolate I\'ve sent here is the second most delicious variety.
...Sorry about that.

To His Majesty, the Territory Lord and the Master of the Game Board.

I have melted my heart into this chocolate. 
In fact, had it been possible, I would have wanted to become Your Majesty\'s chocolate myself. 
Because in that case, when Your Majesty would\'ve eaten me, I could\'ve entered your mouth and rolled around on your soft, warm tongue, filling your mouth with ample pleasure... 

-- From the youngest of the Seven Sisters of Purgatory, Asmodeus, with love, passion and melancholy. 

"Ihihi! This is making me feel bad!"

"There\'s still a lot of letters left. Pukuku."

To His Majesty, the Territory Lord of Fragment #***, 
from the 4096th Infantry of the Chiester Sisters Imperial Guards. 

The purpose of this letter is not only to celebrate Valentine\'s Day but also to express my deep respect and affection for Your Majesty. 
The enclosed chocolate has passed the inspection of the Medical Team of the Imperial Guards.
Please, enjoy it at ease. 
-- Chiester 00

To His Majesty, the Territory Lord of Fragment #***, 
from the 4096th Infantry of the Chiester Sisters Imperial Guards. 

Chocolate roses given to friends are like a shotgun. 
Chocolate of true love, that guarantees a perfect strike, is like a sniper rifle. 
The chocolate I sent to you, which one do you think it is? Nyeh? 
-- Chiester 410, nyeh!

To His Majesty, the Territory Lord of Fragment #***, 
from the 4096th Infantry of the Chiester Sisters Imperial Guards. 

Thank you very much for everything.
I actually wanted to send you handmade chocolate, but because of the chocolate terrorism incident last year, there was a ban on putting handmade chocolate in the mail this year... 

I put my heart into choosing the chocolate most suitable for Your Majesty\'s tastes.
It would be my honor if you found it satisfactory! 
-- Chiester 45

To His Majesty, the Territory Lord of Fragment #***, 
from the 4096th Infantry of the Chiester Sisters Imperial Guards. 

I hope my feelings of gratitude and the enclosed chocolate reach you well.
As you have, please allow the Chiester Sister Imperial Guards to remain in your thoughts.

There are only girls in the Imperial Guards, so this custom is new to me.
Have I followed proper Valentine\'s Day etiquette with my letter?
If you find the time to let me know, thank you very much in advance. 
-- Chiester 556

P.S. 
The fortune slip that I pulled at a shrine the other day said I was in for \'terrible luck\'.
I should take care on my next mission.

In celebration of St. Valentine\'s Day and to express my gratitude, I\'m sending this chocolate to YOU.
However, rather than sending chocolate on Valentine\'s Day, I would prefer to RECEIVE.
Chocolate is my LOVE.

After all, I am a KID.
Though, hot chocolate is something I HATE.

It\'s too easy to SPILL. 
...And too difficult to wash OFF. 

If Gertrude will see this letter, I\'ll end up having to write ANOTHER. I can\'t stand HER. 
So, I\'m sending it in secret, before it can be noticed by GERTRUDE.

-- Head Inquisitor of Esierne Jungfrau, Dlanor A. KNOX.

Please, allow me to speak.
Know that I would like to ask how this cold time of the year is treating you, and to let you know that huddling under a kotatsu is the most blissful experience while waiting for the spring! 

Owing to the chocolate terrorism incident last year, a great number of sympathizers seeking to overthrow this event out of jealousy have since risen. A notice regarding this criminal activity has already been issued.
As defenders of the law, we must endeavor to engage in our duties with ever-growing enthusiasm!

-- Aide Cornelia
For your information, Inquisitors are required to utilize court language even when writing letters.
Should any difficulties arise upon reading, I offer my sincerest apologies.

Please, allow me to speak. Lately, the cold weather has been ever increasing in its intensity. I hope that Your Majesty has been taking care to remain healthy. 
In celebration of Valentine\'s Day, allow me to send you this chocolate expressing my most humble respect and admiration. 
-- Senior Aide Gertrude

P.S. 
I have recently obtained a cat. It\'s adorable. 
I was wondering whether Your Majesty\'s preference lies with cats or dogs. 

Happy Valentine\'s Day!
How are you liking it so far?! 
It\'s an outstanding event! 
After all, today is the day when we\'re allowed to use the sweet poison of chocolate for hunting! 

Once I set my eyes on the prey, I\'ll never allow them to escape. 
So the chocolate here isn\'t just any old Valentine\'s Day chocolate. 
You could consider it an advance warning of a crime... 

Ohh, it\'s not so easy for a blind traveller to find their way in the desert of love.
Try your best to avoid me~ 
-- Zepar, the Hunter of Love

Happy Valentine\'s Day!
How have you been? 
There\'s no day so soft and so melty as this one. 
Know that no matter how small the piece of chocolate gifted to you is, the feelings hidden inside it are enough for an entire feast. 

So do you think that chocolate is given to you out of duty?
I\'ll tell you this. This "duty" merely gives blushing girls a way to cover up their true feelings for you~ 

Of course, my chocolate is not hiding any feelings at all~ 
Prepare to meet them at full force~ 
-- Furfur, the Trainer of Love 

"Heh. I wonder what\'s in that chocolate.
I\'m too scared to eat it." 

"Don\'t worry about that.
You won\'t be able to partake in Milady\'s handmade chocolate anymore." 

"Eh? I wasn\'t planning to, but... why?" 

"Read this." 

<Happy Valentine\'s>!!!
<And>...
ohh, toooo baaaaaad! 
Just so you know, I\'ve already eaten all the chocolate sent to you.
And if I ever see you, you\'re dead!
You\'re not getting your hands on chocolate ever again! 

But I feel sorry for your ugly face, so I left a tiny piece just for you! 

Be grateful for my kindness! 

I thought of giving you something handmade, but it was so delicious that I ate it myself.

Store-bought is good enough for you! 
-- The Great Golden Witch, BEATRICE

"Heh. Just as you\'d expect from her." 

"Still, please accept Milady\'s feelings." 

"...Alright, fine. There\'s nothing wrong with store-bought chocolate, anyway." 

"Thank you very much.
At last, here\'s a letter and chocolate from Lady Ange." 

"Eh? Even Ange?.." 

To my brother.
I\'m sure that even someone like you received a ton of Valentine\'s chocolate this year. 
But they\'re just trying to get your attention, so don\'t act too happy about it! 

Unlike back in your day, nowadays it\'s common for girls to just gift chocolate to friends.
My chocolate is handmade, and heart-shaped... but don\'t think too hard about it! 

-- From your little sister, Ange
