How long have I been here?

Things seem to have changed since I woke up. 

Because I was neither in the warm futon, nor the basket filled with stuffed animals.

It was dark, and I found myself standing at the base of a rocky mountain. 

There was no grass, just a naked rock. 

There were trees, but they were completely withered, not a single leaf on them. 

...Who am I?
...Where am I? 

"You are Maria\'s precious stuffed lion,
Sakutaro."

Thanks to that voice I remembered everything. 

That\'s exactly right.
I am Sakutaro, a stuffed lion. 

But why am I here? 

Where\'s Maria? 

Remembering things one by one, I arrived at my last memory
and figured out where I was. 

"This place is Mount Purgatory.
We\'re standing at its base." 

This person is... VIRGILIA.
One of the witches who gave me a soul. 

"Miss witch.
I\'d like to go back to Maria.
If I don\'t come back, Maria is sure to cry.
How can I go home?" 

"You should be able to go home after arriving at the summit of the Mountain.
However, this is a terrible trial indeed." 

"If I endure this, will I be able to come back to Maria?.." 

"That\'s correct, 

...but it will be a harrowing experience." 

"Uryuu.
I\'ll do whatever it takes to come back to Maria." 

VIRGILIA told me all of the fearful trial that was ahead, but I remained composed. 

If that was the only path that led back to Maria, I had no reason not to follow it. 

Clenching my fists,
as well as my cotton,
I began to ascend Mount Purgatory. 

"This is the first rank.
Here, the sin of Pride is purified. 

Look.
Whoever commited such a sin during their lifetime is now forced to carry a heavy stone on their back." 

That was what VIRGILIA told me.

She also told me that the demons of Mount Purgatory would find me here. 

"You\'ve commited the sin of Pride.
You cannot continue without purifying it." 

"Uryuu...
What did I do to commit such a sin?.." 

"You decided that Maria will be helpless without you.
Awfully conceited for a stuffed animal, no?
That is your sin of Pride.
Thus, you shall carry this stone around until I say that you\'ve done enough."

At first, I thought that around an hour would be enough for them to attain forgiveness for this. 

However, it wasn\'t as simple as it seemed. 

However, I understand that. 

I am dead. 

Since I want something as farfetched as being revived, there\'s no way I\'d be easily forgiven. 

"Uryuu.
I understand.
I will persevere until Miss Demon says it\'s enough." 

I was burdened with a heavy rock that matched my size, 
...well, it was more of just a stone. 

I will get dusty if I carry this thing around on my shoulders... 

But, for Maria\'s sake, I had to come back home as fast as I could. 

I took the large stone,
and started going around the first rank of the mountain over and over,
together with the crowd of the dead. 

...I... must come back to Maria, right? 

Of course. 

I want to come back. 

"...But that... was what made Miss Demon mad, wasn\'t it?
...I have to try harder..." 

Day by day, without any rest,
I carried the stone around in circles. 

"Well done, Sakutaro.
Your sin of Pride is purified." 

"Thank you, Miss Demon.
May I ascend the mountain now?"

"Indeed." 

"Isn\'t that wonderful, Sakutaro?!
Come, come, up, up!" 

VIRGILIA was waiting for my trial to be over this whole time. 

It took me two whole years. 

I was so dusty that even if I dived deep into water, it wouldn\'t wash away.
...Rather than a yellow lion, I became a brown bear. 

"Maria won\'t hate you for just being a little dirty.
Come on, let\'s ascend." 

"This is the second rank.
Here, people walk around with their eyelids sewn shut." 

I was, once more, stopped by a demon. 

"You were always jelaous of Maria\'s relationship with her mother.
Until that sin of Envy is purified, you may not ascend." 

...That could well be true. 

When Maria watched TV with her kind Mama, I was always sitting on Maria\'s lap.
She only talked to Mama, so I can\'t say I never felt envy during those times. 

"...Uryuu.
That is also my sin.
...I will endure this trial." 

"Uh...
You\'re a stuffed lion, you don\'t have eyelids...
Let\'s see...
I could tear out the black fabric that makes up your \'eyes\'." 

"...Ah." 

The eyes that Maria always praised for being so cute
were torn off in an instant. 

Cotton almost started spilling out of the holes. 

Cotton is precious.
It\'s thanks to cotton that I am fluffy,
and that Maria is happy with me. 

Holding it back with both of my hands,
...I unsteadily crawled on the surface of the mountain, challenging the new trial. 

The trial of the second rank took two whole years as well. 

"Well done.
Your sin of Envy is purified.
Come, let us restore your eyes." 

The demon sewed the black fabric of my eyes back on. 

...It wasn\'t done very well.
My face ended up changing somehow. 

And, because I spent so long crawling around,
the white fabric of my belly became completely black and worn out as well. 

But, I will persevere. 

I will definitely come back to Maria.
Uryuu. 

"The third rank.
Here, the sin of Wrath is purified." 

"You, a stuffed animal, have resented Maria\'s and Rosa\'s relationship.
Until that sin is purified, you may not ascend." 

"The fourth rank.
Here, the sin of Sloth is purified." 

"You spent a lot of time with Maria in leisure, stealing both her independence and her opportuinities to study.
Until that sin is purified, you may not ascend." 

This trial also took a long time... 

At the third rank, in the middle of terribly heavy smoke, 
I was forced to constantly pray, while choking violently. 

By the end, the smell of smoke would no longer come out. 

...That was sad, because Maria hated the stench of tobacco smoke. 

At the fourth rank, I was made to run around the mountain. 

I was chased by a dreadful demon, and it was very scary. 

My fabric kept getting caught on rocks and cotton kept getting torn out. 

Only after I purified this sin
did I notice that my right leg had been torn to pieces. 

"The fifth rank.
Here, the sin of Greed is purified."

"...I always wanted Maria to love me more than anyone else.
...That, probably, was Greed." 

"It seems you\'re starting to understand.
Here, you will bow to the ground and repent." 

"The sixth rank.
Here, the sin of Gluttony is purified." 

"...Uryuu.
Some evenings, when Maria was home alone, I suggested her to buy some snacks.
Even though I knew that eating snacks at night is bad for your health.
...That, probably, was Gluttony."

"I see that you understand.
Here, you must repent before you eat." 

This trial seemed easy compared to all the previous ones. 

However, it was already nighttime on Mount Purgatory. 

The wind blew, it rained and snowed.
Sometimes boiled sulfur came raining down. 

Spending several years to repent for all my sins, I became more and more worn out. 

The wind and the rain caused me to become completely black,
and I looked more like a dusty mop than a stuffed animal. 

If you were to brush your cheek against me now, I would not feel soft at all. 

I would feel like a dirty, wrung out mop. 
One that\'s completely stiff and dry. 

During the time I was being soaked by the rain and dried by the sun, both of my legs and my left arm were torn off,
my mane became black and damaged.
...Even if nobody tells me about it, I know full well that I look nothing like a lion anymore. 

I have finally overcome the seventh rank and finished my trials. 

VIRGILIA has been guiding me through this for over ten years now. 

I\'m not...
a lion anymore. 

I\'m not a stuffed animal...
I\'m just a coal-coloured cotton mop. 

I overcame every trial, but... I\'m very sad.

Maria won\'t recognise me like this. 

...I was made by her Mama, and I was a unique stuffed animal. 

So the only one who could fix me is Mama herself. 

And that is something I knew from the start. 

And since... it was my own Creator who destroyed me... 

She will probably never fix me again. 

I have purified all my sins, but...
I can no longer return to Maria as Sakutaro. 

"Sakutaro, you did well.
Instead of going to heaven, you can choose to have BEATRICE\'s magic revive you once again in the world of humans."

"But I\'m just a black lump of cotton now.
...Am I really Sakutaro anymore?
...Will Maria even recognise me?" 

"...Nobody could answer that question except herself.
...If you\'re too afraid to find out, it\'s okay if you choose not to revive." 

"..." 

Sakutaro felt unsure about his decision. 

I am not even a stuffed animal anymore. 

I\'m just a dirt-black piece of cotton. 

Even if I were to come back to Maria,
...there\'s no chance she\'ll know who I am. 

"What\'s your choice?
Will you go back to the world of Humans or not?
Either choice is fine with me." 

"Uryuu...
I\'ve decided." 

"Maria might not recognise you, you know?.." 

"It\'s not important whether she will recognise me.
I want to be by her side.
...Even if she decides I\'m just a dirty lump of cotton. That\'s fine." 

"Very well.
Then, I shall entrust you to BEATRICE\'s magic." 

"To BEATRICE... of Rokkenjima?.." 

"No, not her.
While you were doing your trials, a new person inherited the name of BEATRICE.
She will be the one to revive you.
...Through the miracle of Endless Magic." 

Sakutaro slowly woke up. 

It smelt dusty.
...A futon shop, maybe? 

This was neither Maria\'s room, nor BEATRICE\'s mansion. 

Sakutaro heard someone\'s voice.
He heard someone descending a wooden staircase. 

Who\'s there?
Will they recognise me as Sakutaro? 

And... will they take me back to Maria? 

I was mixed in with a bunch of other stuffed animals and continued to slumber...
