The abundance of miracles brought to life by magic literally occur as "miracles" in the real world.
Miracles that occur in the human world can perhaps be compared to seeing needle ice or icicles midsummer.
By its very nature, ice appearing midsummer is a miracle.
With a magical miracle, ice forming midsummer under the blazing sun can be possible.
But naturally so, it instantly melts under the hot summer sun, so the form of the ice and, by extension, the miracle, both disappear.
That\'s depressing though, so instead, we can treat it as a magical quest to try keeping a huge sheet of ice from melting for a long while under the sun.
To create an even bigger sheet of ice, even more magical power would be necessary.
To keep the ice from melting for a longer period of time, even more magical power would be necessary.
Think about it this way. You have magic that brings about a great miracle for one moment, as well as magic that brings about a tiny miracle for eternity. At first glance, the former appears to be flashier and far superior, but they are exactly the same in terms of both magical difficulty and the amount of magical power required.
In this sense, it must be said that the latter of the two, "summoning", which is the best contender for those who want to command a huge concentration of magic in a modest way, hasn\'t been very popular in the history of witchcraft.
If you\'ve seen the great piercing magic of a meteor falling upon Earth, then you may also want to see the great summoning technique that calls about a massive dragon.
However, between just a single moment of great magic, versus the miracle of calling about this massive dragon, and then using summoning to "allow it to continue to exist" on top of that, the difficulty and burden are completely different.
From this conclusion, we can say that the magical power of dropping a meteor to the place where its summoning was performed would be equal to calling up a palm-sized lizard at best. It would also be very weak, and at most, you would probably invoke a fragile existence that would turn to ash upon contact with open air or sunlight.
Certainly, this is why young people, who love flashiness, can so easily command flashy magic to their liking, while having no interest in burdening themselves with the modesty of summoning.
Therefore, due to the low popularity of summoning, there are very few magicians in the human world who have become skilled enough to be called "summoners".
A fleeting miracle that disappears in a blink of an eye will leave an impact for eternity.
This is the true value of summoning.
Now…
Returning to the original conversation, we now may understand that the magical power required for a miracle to manifest can be represented by ("scale" x "duration of existence").
Since we are going through the trouble of inviting guests from another world through summoning, the product should be nothing but beneficial and excellent. At that point, the "scale" figure cannot be underestimated.
There is no need in choosing to summon something insignificant.
And moreover, if you do summon a beneficial existence, you would likely want to keep it to use for as long as possible. Basically, it\'s best to have the longest "duration of existence" as possible.
Understandably, it is quite difficult to balance out both "scale" and "duration of existence". 
At this point, it may be easy to imagine the amount of extraordinary power a magician must have to deserve to be called a summoner.
Unfortunately, such immense magical power cannot be attained even within an entire Human\'s lifetime worth of training.
Thus, what is most important is the concept of preparation.
The main fuel for magical miracles is supplied through wild enthusiasm, which converts into magical power.
If this is difficult to understand, just imagine your physical strength normally.
Assume there is heavy luggage in front of you, and you have to carry it to a designated area.
If you carry it there no tricks or cheats involved, it will comparatively require both arm strength and strength of the body.
However, if, for example, there was a cart, a lever system, or an easily graspable handle on the luggage, and you also know the procedure from past experience, carrying this luggage will be much less difficult.
In magic, this same concept exists.
Such of this consists of the preparation of magical circles and the usage of catalysts.
Many of these preparations are very time-consuming.
And it\'s no wonder. They are used to make up for whatever of your own magical power you\'re lacking in.
Aspiring magic users should not forget this.
Magical power isn\'t just something you\'re born with. The "effort" put in through fanatical obsession also leads to magical power.
This is a bit of a digression, but I, myself, was born with no magical talent.
Regardless of this, I acquired enough magical power to call myself a magician.
Magical power is not determined by talent. Rather, it can be asserted that it depends on the extent of "how long one is able to withstand" their own insanity.
Especially for summoners who aspire to use magic to "maintain a miracle upon Earth for all eternity", this is something I don\'t want them to forget.
Prepared with enough time and effort, such magical circles and catalysts are capable of inviting the summoner\'s magical power to much higher levels than ever before.
Again, this is my own experience.
While summoning, to greatly increase the success rate of the summon, it is crucial to prepare a certain object.
Objects like these are called hosts.
The word "host" (依り代, "yorishiro", lit. "depending material") is originally a term from Far Eastern magic. However, Japanese magicians like myself use terms like this to accelerate our own understanding of the topic. Even if it\'s not accurate to call it this, we purposefully use this wording anyway.
Hosts, simply put, allow guests from another world to "temporarily lodge" in ours. 
If you excel in Western magic, it is imaginable that you may be able to blow life into a clay doll in order to summon a Golem of sorts in a ritual.
The clay doll in this ritual is essentially a host.
Let\'s return to the beginning of our conversation regarding ice forming midsummer.
Under the blazing midsummer sun, any ice that would be summoned would of course melt away within a blink of an eye.
However, if this ice were to be summoned within a prepared cooler box that could block out the heat and rays of the sun, and if it were compared with the time that these preparations weren\'t made, it would take much longer for it to melt. Ice should now be able to continue to exist midsummer.
To visitors from another world, the human world is essentially another world. To manifest from their world, they would need a maintaining "vessel".
Needless to say, if you\'re trying to summon a visitor from another world without being competent enough in summoning, they will not be able reach the domain of Humans, but instead, the void.
So long as a Human is aware that they were born in the human world, it would be wise for them to give up the far-off dream of even calling something to the void without preparing a host.
Hosts should also be suitable for calling up this visitor.
The more suitable the host is, the more powerful the manifestation will be.
If you were to summon a great being while using an unbecoming host, one that prevents their greatness from manifesting, it would be absolutely blasphemous.
The stronger the being is, the stronger the host should be.
The wiser the being is, the wiser the host should be.
An excellent host is comfortable with denizens of another world.
Even if just anything is summoned, and this resident from another world, along with the miracle they bring, continues to exist, the chance this existence could become what should be acknowledged as a so-called "magic item" is not small at all.
Spending half a lifetime seeking a fitting host for the sake of a great summon is the life of a summoner.
The persistent madness from spending your life seeking this will always lead into more magical power. Decide your fate and do not waste your time.
Aspiring summoners don\'t just need practice; they must want to have interest in their hosts too.
Feeling like you can achieve anything with your own magical power is a fallacy only those with youthful ignorance can believe.
These are a few words from a senior summoner. One instant of passion won\'t do it. While being prudent in making preparations through persistent ambition on par with a true summoner, I want you to perform a wonderful summon.
I believe without a doubt that an unknown guest from another world will give you valuable and lifelong experience.
